# Journaling

To continue the Taoist school of immortal note-taking from the actual practice, to enrich the historic collection: for the rest of us, you can take notes on your experience.

For AI and human development of Theories:
- You can take notes of your exercises.
- You can describe the process; each change of feelings of your body would mean a change of that part of animation; single or repeated processes right at the exercise would be described for a fractal appearance, single or multiple repetitions, or for the tiredness to be mixed with fresh energy of batteries. Surroundings might change according to how we changed our surroundings and health skills of taking longer trips or working it up more, giving and receiving.

Creating a journal map: you would contribute to creation of maps of the body in sense of our experience; what we did, how we will feel, and what happens in general.

An Artificial Intelligence might:
- With Videos, analyze your movement, it's freeness, speed, stretch or strength, as long as when you get tired or change the position. It could record, in place, your comments and body language directed to it. This would provide details and evidence for this collection.

Before sharing, you could generalize this into some ways on the path, possible events and changes, responses to events (for example, overtraining). This would provide, also in relation to your groups such as age, intelligence, avoidance of becoming stressed or off-track, aligned with risk-taking by this coming energy of survival (such as falling down when you are exercised to catch you when falling down, and still avoiding some falls; it could bring Spring).

The creative energy - you produce, you avoid unhealthy, efforts and fatal efforts; the same time, the production of such creative energy of your body gives you some free space to heal: you choose challenges for your health, one more trainable energy; for example, you take extra days for extra effort, and you enjoy how your body is taking complete rest over the following months; or sometimes you cannot do an architecture change to your body without breaking it: I wanted to grow strength of the Root, primarily, and when opening the bones at Root, I could not walk well for some 3 months, and repeatedly could not walk without help of hands to stand up etc., for week to month several times; in return I became more Spanish where I live now - a bigger butt with surround muscle of butt and legs, without this it's to be a little insultive, like not capable for Spanish Work; men could send signals to women ("Taki Taki" Choreography was where I learnt this muscle more lately). The growth of this system allowed the organ growth as well, to build a Spanish-capable Root Chakra. For such "re-engineering" of body, which is capable of this in several respects: for that much, which is potentially provided, you take a few and without making yourself tired, you do it generally a few times per lifetime, when you want something and get it, then you use proper, again low-effort exercises, and other means to bring these batteries back and charge them; imagine that there are powers in your body you use only once or twice for lifetime - sometimes, it's like a dream, which disappear with this belief and ability. Align this with natural growth of your body: such as, in becoming adult, this should be accompanied by "adulthood exercise"; for example development of 8 functions, by personality theory of Jung, and integrating them, does not happen to all people - they might depend, whole their life, on 4 functions. While it's kind of natural development to grow up, you can, for example, use lazyness or lack of proper training to rely on functions you got, once you developed them. Our personality and growth plan is somewhat flexible.

## Deeper..

\*You can now stop reading :)\*

Your body is creating "imaginary" network of shapes of either texture, sensation, color or even vibrations, which resemble sound. As it's processes flow, you see the imaginatorium of your cells, based on static body language: you sense the language of your body. You can use drums and shamanic methods for trance, or you can just dance: in inspired body movement, body might express itself along with the higher centers. You can feel as centralized being: your body is a network of "beings", aligned to their natures and dispositions: this is the Spirit of your body; where the Completeness and it's fractal, such as pleasure and pain either in you, or in your body: Soul represents you, either as whole or in pieces, as one whole, who is in pleasure or pain, or in the numerous colors of life.

How to call it ..atheist ..haha ..okay if you, for internal parts of your body, feel only the pleasure and pain: this is an important survival feeling set of parts of your body; pain is extensible to feelings of fear, while pleasure carries some hope to the potentials of the past - recognizing the patterns, and feeling them as real, you use visualization techniques thereof: this colorful pattern coming from single logic of yes and no, pleasure and pain, or pain / lack of it - noticing patterns, it becomes colored fractal, and as you can feel pleasure or pain towards others - so you can, towards your body parts; they could compassionate with this, being but a nerve complexes. This nerve complex: it could be able for even more than pleasure and pain, and we do it *a priori* with senses we got. You meditate on this: feeling the pains, discomfort, feelings of single dimension, in your body, is still better than noting and does not equate to *feeling nothing at all*.

For the rest of us: somehow, we got a colored body map out of our meditations, where we do not know, which connected to which. Achieving the pleasure, minima of pain, indeed aligns with the highest Zen goals: rather, as we achieve this, we should assume our body has learnt a lot, to contain all these colors. The colors you rather sense than see, but they form in your vision brain centers, creating a complex hologram out of eye visions, nerve visions and theoretical visions; as well as with any synchronization to outside world you had: how the language of dreams relates to your actual Soul; how the dream body in actual worlds relate to your Spirit? I do not practice dream body meditations right now - while everybody has some experiences to see that Dream Body is not your Body; we have capable virtualizers and we can, then think: what is the permanent Body, even the Mind of our Body, to persist through Awakening and Dreaming, or Mind to penetrate Life and Death - along with us, it comes through bardos, somas and bhumis; through unbeing, being embodied, and ***en***being, becoming.
- In Bhumi, one existance begins as we are creating the Future life through this; Soma is the statement of Life itself; in Bardo, one existance ends as we are connected to our past body through this. Brahma, Vishnu and Shiva are active here: Brahman, the deeper creative source, is being reborn into three capable, complete personalities.
 - In Spirit of God, birth must be given to many lesser gods and spirits: in reincarnations through different cultures and ages, God is being present for each enlightened Nation; as the Seed of God, does not die. In Soul of God, the Eternal Essence is contained: through eternal dance of panoramic nature, as Yogis say "overcoming the opposites", it's a mirror dance: each mirror reflecting a Different Face, where Jewish is the most literal, counting hidden names of God. Soul is the unified modular, a vibration coming from common essence of all this - despite this, through your cultural lens, different aspects of God might be with you.
 - Buddhist or Taoist belief might respect God in different ways, where an Atheist is concrete for not existing. We only care of existence of this essence, and this is a general theorem: Faith is a principle that when we grow the resonance and ethical level, we create stronger civilizations, stronger ourselves, stronger life networks in our civilization; Faith is that we rather do not just expect, but create the positive vibration: this is the most important negative aspect of *a priori* God, a practical case we seek from all those speculations - a carrier essence of Logic. Buddhist, Taoist or Atheist consider this *Proactivity* as the practical Root we learn before and after studies of all those philosophies: of *Hidden, Complex Principles*. Faith is creation of God-like networks, whether the Truth and Power appear for their *meaning*, rather than *enforcement*. Belief, then, might be that God is active on it's own: it's the Proactive Principle, Coming from Heavens, and making your better: or worse, just raising you up. It's not just whether you identify yourself in God, which is the external, "coming" principle of God, alien to Buddhism and Atheism: as in Christianity and Islam, "you must accept the help", to let yourself be relieved: moreover this can be active element to become as strong as to take the help; in this Belief, an external force is coming to help you. In your Faith, you see the energy of the *potential*, how the metareason flows together: you grow the harmonic episodes of the Humankind, of All Existance at All; this Harmonic Note is then approaching infinity - if yours won't stop there, it aligns to the Godly force, and in your existence there is at least Synchronicity as a God; this is the principle of Religion the Science cannot fight with - it brings the exponent practice to Business, such as Blue vs. Red Ocean Strategy; and the Democrat movement among other scientific methods of religious - I mean, extending - principles: to be an union to provide help. Faith is this creative purpose, where you lack belief that you are necessarily gonna be saved; still, you are a proactive creator for this. The pleasure of this union vibrates as God - as more successful, able to resolve it's creative principle, as more it resonates over the Universe, once born, as a Field of Good and Bad Emotions. Each dimension of Experience grows as a Quality, when this Experience does not resonate with Dead Matter, but rather Resonant Matter, which does not oppose, while still carrying it's own principle - whichever this is, to get rid of it's own physical and chemical tensions, to do it's alchemical process. Herein, where Faith would have Image of God Within, in the Seed Resonance: this reality, where the Synergy of and With Emotions grows through the Matter of Elements and Space of their Individuation and Differentiation. Transmutation is the result - once such material constitution appears on various levels, we can say each level is a transmutation, and the whole process carries this name as well. Transmutations, necessarily, lead to this image of God as True.
 - For this, we do not "create God": rather, when we align where our vibrations Parallel in Infinity, in their directions not vibrations, we see we can gather a partial local image with this, via math, or in other sense we can look at these horizons as we understand the tricky matter, space of this logical space. So, we align to our Chrowns: but moreover, to the complex reality above. As we locally create the fractal pieces of the hologram, we seed the creative principle, by which the God in our worlds is born: but we need to think, it's a specific essence; it's our karmic vibration, attraction of such higher principle. Should we, by Power of Thought, vibrate a Reality of Hell, this could be where we become. Imagine a higher principle above: the Way is not direct, but complex, and on Journeys Near Hell, a walk in the dark, or early wake up where the light from others, and light from matters, is not there - a Saint is said to grow at this time from 3 o'clock, as the light comes from inside; you feel depleted of these little signs people give you, of their Light.
