# Training a collective

One body needs to be holistic, but also the collective body. To create holistic collective body from limited time of each member, we can share the requirements for physical activity.

Especially as spiritual people, and as a society in general, we would especially need physical training, and many spiritual authors (like Bruce Lee) are good examples of this.

## Creating a cellular structure

We could measure daily activities, factories and workplaces, more and less common duties of the people, and generate a system of strengths (of each trainable part of human), where we add to holistic training the factors, how much each strength is needed in society - for example, the percentage of society, which needs such structure. Additionally, we could map, which strengths there are too many, and for which ones there are biggest needs.

This gives a map, which can be used in two ways:
- Percentages of society can be used as probabilities, so that a dice method could be created: probability calculation of computer or "base-6 number", a number of dice rolls into decimal places or similar algorithm could be used by each single member - once the dice is rolled, they would get, for example, a 5-year training plan for generalized needs of abilities. They would train (mental and) physical abilities, which are necessary. Different systems could differ, and the algorithm used in invariant way for more and less skilled people, successes and failures - each test group of the people with this probability calculation would give a pie slice of the necessary growth factors.
- Teams and clubs: they could guarantee necessary division of people, train together and exercise the contacts and influences, as well as shared motivation. This also enables trainers and more structured systems with some monitoring.

## Magic of contact

It should be understood that contact is mental and physical (as well as spiritual) and the collective body could be seen as training muscles on their own. Games, shared exercises, and discussions could be used.

For comparison: This could be also an orchestra, if the instruments are used to train intelligence of muscle groups; or a choir, to synchronize expression. In such way, some team sports and other methods could do - each of them would exercise "team spirits" and other beneficial skills and abilities. If we abstract this (abstraction, by C.G.J, is taking out properties, which do not belong to specific abilities, so that together they would create the wholes), we get a set of different training exercises - a gym with not a singular repetition of the same, but with a structure of possibilities, which resembles our ideal society, or the one we could practically build. Our mental exercise is rather an illusion when we do not take it to physical realm - even our meditations to enchance our lives are indeed less mystical if we do not limit this to mental exercise, but assign the practical life needs.

In some way, parts of our body and the people do cooperate - training one finger to touch the stomach also trains the touch sensitivity of the stomach; indeed, especially when we reach whole-body muscles of different layers and abilities, and with additional training they break from singletons to different postures on axes (this should follow training of the joints and at least one part of body, easier or harder, such as palms - easy for me -, into completeness - training the palms in each position of the body would train many muscles, create whole-body vitamin structures, skills etc.; the hands could be bottleneck for other thesis - we could not train big muscles without pain if the small ones are not developed; training palms into completeness would give some initial training also to whole body in it's completeness). This leads to taoistic understanding of strength points. The joint between palms and the rest of the hand, or several parts of the joint, from more robust movement to more sensitive movement, form a brain of the hand, which creates the worker hands - they have their own intelligence; where the other people might feel another structure as more critical, for example a specific whole-body exercise, for people with more willpower, would indeed also train the hands, as some movements create tensions also in fingers. So, fractally, we have several ways to create holistic thesis - developing one part of the fractal strenghtens each (for example, pushing a wall on the left with a hand creates tension in whole body in similar direction, and thus the muscular system is naturally connected). Having the whole-body muscle, initially in some simple setting, and then breaking into multiple axes - each muscle does this as you train - is a result, which definitely leads to sense of the group muscles, society muscles, and basically a psychological structure to cooperate - this way, we could form God.

## Paradigm structure

Indeed, this whole method could be compared with existing team games and ways to train the teams, and the work itself with it's personal tensions to train your own skill - holistically and spiritually, also in their materialistic counterparts (where we involve psychology), we could see that we need to train one single collective body, and as people come and go, indeed we need to create a system, where people with different techniques for collective body would create one holistic whole - we need to align with existing paradigms, which often meet the given criteria, coming from different needs and solutions; for example a gym might have a distribution for society in each case, as it's not used otherwise.

## Muscles or skills

Exercise develops muscles, but where the repeated exercise would start from developing a single muscle (but then break it into more joints and parts as it gets stronger), the complex of exercises, such as training muscles we use in the same job all together, in timely collected series, would get a more general level of tiredness. It's very complex where we "don't want", "cannot", "don't like": I have seen that the excuse, more or less, in the basic life needs, is connected to strength so strongly as we unconsciously need to distribute the nivels of strength to whole day - we got some batteries to get tired even in one move, others to last five minutes and recover in slight change of the task; but even others get tired in complex ways - for the latter, we need complex, longer or stronger exercise, such as long repetition of movements, which seem very simple as we need to do it only once or allocate some special time; we can see that the big levels of batteries recover as we sleep, and in even bigger cycles, it takes days to overcome the pains. Hitting (such as falling down), touching (oneself or other), standing still or moving, recovery and intelligence - all this takes training and sometimes, some specific skill is lost (such as becoming sick), but recovers years later in new levels (this is my attribution of strength - for 15 minutes per day exercise this might not happen, but generally we need vacations and changes in routines to stay motivated, healthy and without excuse, because we are recovering complex systems).

We can stand: as the chemical, physical, auditori, visual, logical or spiritual connections between our bodies are very complex, also the things we can train are very complex. The basic logic of doing something until we get tired (or, by one martial arts article, also imagining the exercise; and also missing it completely but having exercised the cases where we miss a muscle - it's not only a routine, but it's intelligent, so the complex life needs and even changing patterns indeed, in addition to repeated moves, activate the layers, which could be associated with training so that we benefit from united models) - so, for society, our game or workplace, also a specific set of games and exercises can be developed.

In this process we could see the normal life behind, as in some sense, our needs for games, activities and even pleasure in seeing ones, could be perfect, perhaps we need not to develop much - indeed, we should become very conscious of these things and what they mean to us.