# Tradition: explainable?

People, when they look over the eternity - however small the knowledge of it; perhaps only the knowledge: that Good will win. Go into your struggle: what is the Good, and what is not. Eternity forever holds, and no theory is complete - no theory is complete, no practice is complete.

Long text under is to notice this: when science communicates anything about lower, physical levels, it thinks it banished them. It did not banish them: light would banish a demon, but not an angel. We need to transmutate the matter, not banish. Even if it had secrets - it's not a liar!

# The list of Growth from Nature to Civilization, to possibly a Supercivilization (future estimations).

In my language, you could call it "exceeta iota é" or "iotae é exceeta", for no z-shift.

Let's try to see: what was, what science communicates, and what kind of communicators would not be so destructive or fitting so world to be so destructed that it cannot get rid in this sense of paradigm, the axes of social movement: what is the cause, the result and the foreword or aftermath in case the reality is guessed to the death instead of philosophy: we assume that buddhism is a philosophy, and in the end the philosophies running around are as visible as now the people on streets, still having their homes.

Notice I assign several animals, colors etc. to chakras - this is not my definite preferred assignation or personal standpoint, but rather based on a few random sources and creative thought. When presenting such paradigm, you have to work through your associations and sources you want to present, also even within this list of periods: the precise meanings might differ for you, and often we use 7 chakras as basis to present our own idea, for example we often use, for mental of physical exercise, depiction of 7 chakras ordered mainly by their effects in this specific exercise. Thus, be very open to this idea and notice the first 5 are what we are *experienced*, while the last 2 are rather what I reverse-engineered from structure of chakras and common sense or future visions, not so definitely from history and chakras themselves; so I feel the last two are somewhat clattered: how often it came that someone's favourite revolution would win without fixing it with the correlations to the reality? I Ching is a study book of a revolution, which was already passed: on an actual experience, reality of 64 hexagrams, rather than just a dream of someone's victory or loss. Still, I cannot explain the complete system if there were only 5 chakras: perhaps if you generalize the Science into Ultimate Research, ever-ending growth, you get 5 Material Elements instead: then, the Science would be the Space element and we are already interested, that's it - leading us somewhere (as the higher-vibrational forms appear haha, the minds to the matters).

## **I**: Shamanism

Shamanism: a psychosomatic process in the material world of Elements. Witchcraft follows - in the problem Satan and solution Satan; from sharp metal symbol of the Five Elements, we can see it has been born later into it's decent state. Notice: Shamanistic elements have been found in animals. You mind is not your mind, but you take physical herbs, and the Shaman, with their Dream Body, is by each of their senses: physically following you and fighting the demons or feeding the little angels in your Mind. It's each physical. Shaman knew the Holy Spirit. Woodoo appeared: attempt to be in distant places, using physical, material means, which were seen as having a Spirit. So close to root chakra: Spirit of Humans and Things was not separated, but the essential element grasped was what we have common to Elements and Elemental Nature.

Element of Root, or yin, connected one with Nature and Elements; from below, we enter the Spiritual. Chakra of Shamanism: red coral hematite at base of the spine (body, stability, survival), is crab symbolizing adaptability and resilience - humankind is starting to climb.

The Power of Skills is here: Shamans, necessarily, aquire complex physical and psychosomatic skills. Physical battle or physical help are the forces to determine humankind, where Forces of Nature play a definite role. Later, it was disproven that Forces of Nature play such definite force.

## **O**: Alchemy

Alchemy: this is, where elements were found, could be transmuted. By doing various things with elements: other elements appear. Humans, were found to be able to: live with better elemental chemistry in the future. People started to seek their Higher Souls, early precedence defined God: men, learning God, mostly run for personal power, as developed more in Magic and it's Light and Dark forms: control was found.

Element of Sacrality, living in lower abdomen (relationships, creativity, and pleasure), in their alchemistry, humans start to react and continue to Tribes: neighbours are not in the War and Peace any more, but Tribes. Orange or yellow carnelian or amber is being a cow, symbolizing abundance and fertility - humankind is starting to spread, little African races, not so different, might not know each others any more. Love, creativity, and sensuality.

Charisma is the born power - in their early attempts, shamans and magicians start with charismatic powers later seen in early scientists; this stylish behavior is later seen as childish, arrogant or overambitious. The Alchemy of Bodies are the power. Later, Charisma without Power was targeted by fight, accusing the Witches for weak reality.

## **A**: Magic

Magic: the Machine was found. Priests in Babylon, Egipt, Ancient Civilizations (even Julius Caesar started as one) were now - building the Machine. Mind, able to build a machine, was seen far superior to body: Metal was found and early Magicians practiced the Metal. Satan appeared in imaginations: a mysterious superbeing, being only a Machine; a symbol of Earth-killing machine appeared in consciousness, and dark rituals of fallen priests were going to warn humankind. Self Control was the skill of this time: Control of Others was found to follow; in name of Dark Magic, many controllers were killed for aspects of smallness vitality of their Social Consciousness; stories of Black Magician appeared - close to destroying the Humankind, even the Stars and Heavens, thus fighting with God.

Element of Solar Plexus, in the upper abdomen, where yellow or gold sunstone or pyrite is being a horse, symbolizing energy and vitality: humans now riding a Machine of the Magic, and while they are not Crusadors: strongest of them carry metal weapons and shields, despite not over the whole body. Power, self-confidence, and self-expression.

Thought and Will powers are created - notice, while such forces are controlled in the brain; mere control is not enough: the forces have to be physically exist. Brain center is the Vision center, capable to Engineer.

Later, the forces of Power and Control were demolished, attributing the Fears of the People; Hermetics, so capable to be the big pieces and moving others around ruthlessly, were suddenly attacked on streets by masses of people, and killed.

## **E**: Religion

Religion: uniqueness, difference, was found to be Souled: like a Soul, the Great Spirit itself - let's say, Shakti, Wife of God, as referred by Christians and Native Americans for notice -, humans were expected to keep their Flesh Bodies "as this is the only one God gave you". Each thing, which was seen as prular: in it's uniqueness, it's an "only one".

In Element of Heart, living in the center of the chest, green, blue or violet jade, aquamarine or emerald bird, or swan, symbolizing connection and love - in this state, humankind is starting to fly; they start to find each others all around the world, towers rise and you see countries only from far above. Love, compassion, and forgiveness.

Mind and "answers to all questions" powers are created - notice, while such forces are controlled in the brain; mere control is not enough: the forces have to be physically exist. Brain Center is the Crown Center, capable to Overview.

Religions, united by Soul, fought far beyond, seeing the Evil of Lowness in each creature in any past state - Shaman, Alchemicist and Magician were demolished or upgraded to religious personality; Race Reengineerin took place - "Human-Eating", ancient races, were close to demolishion, with only the best ones left, "who did let to invite them".

## **Z**: Science

Science: as reading and writing did widespread in essence of Religion; they gave birth to Science - recording and communicating the facts. Power of Communication released enlightenment: everybody could talk. Enlightenment shared the works of governance amongst people, so that Civilization and Democracy were given a birth, Communist and Capitalist were seen as dual-test of such Democracy.

In Element of Throat, located in the upper chest, is a blue, indigo or purple lapis lazuli or celestite fish, or dragon, symbolizing clarity and focus; a magic not ever present has been risen by this fish, able to swim in each Sea: the Communication is appearing, and the secrets face away in the Name of Science. Scientist, superior to any Megician or Whitch of their time, with word stronger than the one of Religion, is the one to convince all Globe; who cannot talk of their skill, is now banished, often into death: in rise of Civilization, each dark corner is cleaned, the non-educated, non-progressive, then cast into the Dust by the Sorcery of the Science. Communication, self-expression, and creativity.

## **X**: social and holistic engineering

Social and holistic engineering, presence of Mind: now we can conquer the Alchemy, it becomes under the Laws of Those, who See, and can read the Constitution. This is expressed from Mind to Mind, where Visions of the Government appear to Govern the Mind Matters. Each, who sees in the Matter and Mind, can see it's now a Democracy of those with it's Cityzen Feeling. Giving and receiving, in each place, under it's own terms and communicative layer - for those, who see it as obvious, by those means, which appear, can properly be within. While, in the Civil Rights, we receive and give: what appears as Constitution to those closer, by their Perspective to Reality; could be constitutionally only a robbery to others. We stay "neutral", walk on street - but for those neutrally giving; or those neutrally just passing by; or even those neutrally being defeated; for each class the constitution, which keeps them in their class, is different. Without Sinus (I use Estonian word for "in you", or Latin word of "sine", in this purpose): without caring that people free-willedly go up and down in the ladder, from powerty to riches of different kinds: only the socialite, the element of societies, which properly count, give and receive the layer of riches, can properly talk about them; shines and eyes showing the reflections in other terms - improperly count them by other riches.

Chrown is coming closer: socialite, the element of social connection, especially in secret societies (ones so much above the language, that their simple life cannot be seen by others, normally with some "illumination" or "enlightenment" mission; early secret societies in West were Christian Templars, fighting for the freedom of the world, but sharing the secret teachings; in East, Buddhists and others found many secrets they could not express - Taoist, expressing the secrets of immortality, was each time misunderstood in attempt to improperly conquer this principle, as the common mind, a simple people, plain workers - they were not calm, easy-going and happy in sense of such "highest of riches").

In this period, the Social Problem: power of giving becomes so powerful that the karmic goods received, become visible in lower dimensions. Smile, body move, a virtuous moment resembles appearance of money and physical riches; Mind starts to climb the material flows of Solar Plexus, the carrier of this Force. This means: Buddhist mystics, Taoist immortality, Hermetics, Alchemy, Science in it's Obscure Language - each early and later attempt created clear confusions and illusions of power and control, or pretending such; this force brings Constitutional Rights and protection of elements into the Spiritual Realms - as the Visions Appear, mere Materialist running around with Axe, thinking themselves as being invisible or forceful, hitting your bad reputation with their good one, protecting their reputations and counting those - school papers, licences for work - as if the "right to give" was the real power. Karma, as more directly it works, as more it turns upside-down: some special illusion of giving is fought against the real presence of giving something of their own and not collected, to the society; in name of patents, jobs and titles: in this period, karmic effects become "infinite" in sense that they apply faster; the police applies faster than a strong man - but now even the force of ethics appear faster than police (who might try to represent their power, such as fighting, physically, the political reputation or philosophical truth - in all those names, it's like the symbol has appeared in material world, in front of criminal, and they appear so solid clean in their ignorance and belief that "foolishness and reputation are still free". Here, the Constitution turns against Constitution: science made it, but communicating each essence first - it's feared when the four first chakras start to keep shining again, not shadowed by their clear terms).

Initially: Science cast away each magic, each physical power, and gained the Immortality of an Idea: as the Mind started to open, such material immortality as "Immortal Piece of Art", is the first immortality.

*Early attempts* (globalizing): Buddhism (notice the time shift - the "Religion" phase is hinduism, war of Three Single-God religions is over and the Science is fighting the Superstition; people live in Kingdoms) is then used by me Symbolically: Science would vanish in the Lion heart, open for every opponent, where Science only knows One: in Kingdom of Four Chakras, the Four Elements, the new wave is neutral to Science and Religions, joining both the Religious and the Shaman. Secret Societies, such as Freemasons, appear in the West, and attempt to connect at least religious religions is the New Age wave, in the punished state of the West. Late Aristocrats are starting to behave like "modern people" and talk about either civilization or democratization of their Nations; Nations, on their own, fighting for parliament. Notice this is the First House of Power: not belonging exceptionally to Kings or Religious Leaders any more; Idea and Practice realms: Religion and Governance, Science and Practice, separate in various ways to Discriminate. Notice as the Full Opening must be in the future - as God was known long before religion, we see all these attempts long before we are Awaken; opening our Mind's Eyes. Illumination can symbolize a new society; preceded by Enlightenment, a common event of Nations before the Illumination.

The Third / Mind's Eye chakra at top of the head, in area from eyes to start line of the hair above them, at your face between the eyes, a little upwards, or behind your eyes, in center of your brain a little above your eyes; in forehead, blue, brown, violet or indigo (hence the Indigo Children) lapis lazuli or celestite, or of a blue-colored stone, an Eagle is born, guiding us through Intuition, insight, and spiritual wisdom. Purple chakra, psychic energy. Not any more is this a Hidden Mystical thing: the power of Thought and Will; now, under the God's Command, the Humans are capable Judges: the ones who talk of this with their Minds, and not their Mouths; the ones with their Mouths appearing, who see well and talk of the Material Events.

The Achemy of Mind: where the Mind is floating ethereal, all above, and drawing each of the Heart's Path's one by one; where it's Engineering and Making Science. On the Ground, you do not confuse the Mind and the Matter - for your clinical speak, you speak clinical jargon; for your mental healing, you use words for poetry and mind for expression. In Mind, there are Engineers: but once the Will would materialize, each thing we mentally gave and received, contains proper and lawful giving and receiving on material plane: where the stories can be complex and long, where we give in our long-term visions, engineering of matter and mind we now receive; this is not a pure communication, but it's a communication of designs, bridges between designs, and an Empire of Designs: no longer will the maker of each design reign in their personal paradise of long-forgotten war; but mental engineering is engineering of paradigms.

Herein: your paradigm is not seen as a fatal thing any more, or as in science - necessary to communicate to have any use at all; instead, the Engineering is over the paradigms, and ready to meet where they fit. You see religious, mystical, spiritual and materialist: for each bread in it's own plane, each thought in it's own plane, and each belief in it's own plane, you see *inter-paradigm* how this all fits into giving a bread.

## **Y**: 

Apocalypsis: do not imagine a great war, but an Apoca, epoch, and "-sis" or "-sus" as a static, closed system of Heart, which appears where it knows answer to each question. In Crown, question and answer disappear - there is left but only a single force, single principle is opposing the opposites into an unified whole or duality-permetrating vision. Because, where is the negative extreme, but a two infinities apart - infinity to the past, and infinity to the future. Notice "ly", in my language, is final and left: to the infinity of future, it exists for the whole plane of truth, where truth is present enough (without sinus, it's what will eternally stay, in "eternal time" [whole future, giving meaning to the past] and "eternal space" [over all that exists, in infinity above the space, or space of each realm such as logic, science and matter]).

We have even less to imagine this part.

We still know it's the Element of Crown, located at the top of the head or sometimes above, white or golden lion of clear quartz or other white-colored stones, symbolizing Enlightenment, spirituality, and planes we associate with God and Heavens. Learn about duality of God and non-God by comparing Buddhist and Hinduist seven chakras, with their metaphysics: each having a different approach, but present in the same virtuous reality of vision and light, deep melodies and sounds.

Where the Engineering is successful: Grand Architectures start to appear in personal minds, so the Hologram, which was appearing from millions partial visions, now appears from sources, each purified to degree of this noticeable presence. The Light and Darkness starts to interplay in our Minds, illuminate our Realms and the World: what we see in outside presence, while the Dark and Light exists in Minds, the reality is cast closed, to again and again support the appearance of such light: it's very overcompassing over different possible models, and while not definitely everybody at every moment is supporting it, definitely the main dimensions of Society, of Civilization, now flow in good relations to multidimensinality of theorem, physical and mental existance, and the civil walls keeping this condition are as present as the civil walls giving attention when we break some simple, physical laws now; they also do not feel barbarian - a policeman, with fuzzy barbarian eyes, can not complain of being "left out" of some hidden, invisible treasure, in common attention, the knowledge exists.

Here: the engineering of a social engineer and a civil(ization) engineer, who melted the realms of paradigms, such as paradigms of mind and religions, into a higher frequency of a civilization, is now a commoner in the light where this civilizing manner is measured properly as cityzenship; in the reality of Chrown: not physically, but mentally the beings and things appear in 90 degree angle; not easily the people are acting in their material ways, but the(ir) wide waves creating realities and wide waves creating personalities, now visible to mental eye comparing the paradigms: you see them not in religious, scientific, metaphysical and philosophical wars in these spaces, but living as civilized commoners.

Which means: in our mental eye, we see those common cityzens living peacefully in this realm, projected by us, as seen as shifts of the mental axes of the world, for beings from shifts in our beings. Where, physically, we live one life - mentally we might see ourselves dying and being born, often dying the old personalities, which do not serve us any more, and being born into new seeks and struggles, to grow up. Just as with Communication, enlightenment after the Material, secrets of alchemists and magicians became open, now the secrets of scientists and secret societies: for clear eyes, able to see the complex patterns, obfuscated language of engineering projects does not hide, how the societies, sciences and religions are moving around of this multidimensional landscape; we see clearly when they live peacefully, protect, attack, starve or get enough food. In this unitedness of Dimension, we become climbing higher levels of the Organization, just being coherent bodies there.
