# Betrayal: a Fatal Cause

Idealized worlds are always disqualified by material thought of the Low, which assumes that any ideal is a betrayal.

We do read these ideals more properly: we do not establish them in excess (e-posetion Ṕ, the solution for Posetion or "Pose", abbr. Po or Pe; Pod is whole group of calculations in Rosetive - in posed, faked zone acting as real; as you see pods in your mental eye, abstract structures, and resolve the è-alchemy, you also see how it relates to real world and the misery of certain people). As we do not exceed, we get closer to such ideals, and not farther apart as the materialist false solution assumes: being able only to rush in their T (local, material) zones, they put matter below the mind, which is wrong - properly, the one which is not in excess, is the ideal itself and anything, which should meant by it. Good and bad - the extreme excess and extreme lack - are fighting constantly, but we establish a principle of Gaad (Hae vs. Hea): the process, which does not do it in excess, and follows the growth and wobbling rather than extreme ideal - is now the ideal itself. We do not change the resonant texts of positive mentality - rather, octave higher or in higher frequency over material and spiritual, where the Crown is going to join all the chakras, and the Root is going to enjoy this solution. This is kind of metafrequency, which I call Spiretualism or dematerialistic spirituality ("de", in my language, is opposite but upwards - I have analyzed the letter structures of various opposites; "exmaterialism", perhaps with 1/4 space after "ex" to separate it from "outside" - this breaks the materialist principle and thus, is wrong, it's the spiritual ixmaterialism itself - "ix" is emphasis on this negotion, rarely having a positive annotiation).

So each of hippie punk beautiful and happy worlds is betrayed, by the fatality of ideal. Can we guess the same about communism and late capitalism?

Communist and Capitalist could be mistaken by these means: as the higher, or the lower, are easier to calculate than the Golden Middle Way, communism could be mistaken by not being capitalism, and capitalism by not being communism.

I do not want to discuss with you, the crimes of Stalin or the ruthless fashion of the Capitalist, because each side effect of their implementation is not the system itself - my Siberia is a wild land of Magical Shamans, and my India is just learning a skill. In the Golden Middle Way the communist does not send you to Siberia with their rightful skill, nor does the Capitalist create an extreme misery by their principle itself. You are not cleaned into trash can, dying without a glimpse of the beauty, by the Righteous Capitalist in Their own Tradition; nor are you killed for doing this, since you won't.

For this distinction, you have to establish four letters:
- O is the letter of Capitalism, serving the Self.
- A is the letter of Communism, serving the Other.
- I is the letter of anticommunism, not serving the Other.
- E is the letter of anticapitalism, not serving the Self.

From actual events, we see how one idea is excluded by another: by idea of common good, you sacrifice yourself, or by idea of personal good, you sacrifice the personal good. This antithesis of another idea forms, then, a substantial part of the self idea, and when you are told "Communism", you will fix this and start yelling aggressively it's anti-capitalism; while when you are told "Capitalism", you will also talk about the "real causes", and yell anti-communism. This is not Zen nor Tao: it is not able to  say it's not this idea, by antithesis of another idea, and when falsely implemented, you will see truth in it.

Indeed, you can simulate personalities, chats and events in computer, of times of Tzar, preceding the Communist Democracy, or times of Kings and Emperors preceding the Capitalist Democracy. You can implement Communist and Capitalist developments in both and explain, how you win superstition of the Church or the Witches, without the Cultural Revolution (destruction of old, strong structures), or how you act in Russia and China without the late Cultural Revolution and initial restructuring and establishment. You will have the beautiful story, where Christ, Socrates and Caesar would have won, da Vinci not facing murder attempts each day etc. - perhaps because they were "Good". Gaudi would be a personal hero, alive. This is what we are now talking about: betrayal.

What is betrayal?
- By establishing extreme systems, in practice we meet needs to destruct the other extremes. The middle way in it's early attempts is exteme - joining the polarities is rather a trait of Shiva than a common Peasant, who asks for "something sure".
- Our very peaceful systems are betrayed by single enemy, who simply *wants*. Indeed they are irrational, but you are the victim of irrationality.

Often, the idea is betrayed: while Communism and Capitalism are good systems, there are good Religions and Sciences, almost each - once the idea meets betrayal, in Victim Mind, it's associated with that betrayal, and the Victim has lost the idea in it's original essence.

Communism and Capitalism are two opposites, which implement the same Constitution: a democratic system, defined by people having the "Power", such as money for their own work and effort, and word by word you see the constraints of the Constitution being met. So, two opposite countries constitute of the same mental essence; Science will cooperate and Money needs to be converted, they have personal wars of their own antithesis both, hardly reasoned by the opposite, and they have common wars where Constitution itself is challenged (Hitler, Vietnam, Afganistan, initially Israel).

We might assume that each person, who thinks of Communism or Capitalism, falls into those traps. They do not if they do not want to; if they have Zen and Tao: they do not stick to their own results and self-worthiness of seeing their each lifetime as victory, but they change and let go, surrender to the reality; thus, in the process their ideas are constantly progressing. For example, in late communism and capitalism, or late christian church, we see the cultures are quite settled and the hard reality, "prosaism", already quite a history.

Here, we use these words in their certain sense:
- Communism: Communism itself, Left wing, Socialism; each top-down idea; Democracy for weak Capitalism, which does not reach into umbrella terms by it's money thinking - not bottom-up, but just bottom, where Democratic right is up (here we see war between communism and capitalism as internalized).
 - Open Source, Science, Education, as well as parcs, good behaviors and some investment communities relate to communism, as well as Church in sense of Christianity, which is supposed to inject some communist principle into otherwise mutating world. Childhood and elderly age also surrenders to communist idea.
- Capitalism: Capitalism itself, banks and money in Soviet Union, and it's emphasis that your personal work should be somewhat benefit to you, also the two-class system and class war, which separates progressively minded people into some control over the people who let go this communist idea.
 - By it's anticapitalist ideas and wars on behalf of communism, communist followed capitalist ideas - directly, who were not ixworking (destroying), was not eyearning then (not surviving without transcend, in this idea of the war).
 - Criminals were sometimes punished directly, and the nation did not tolerate, collectively pay for each crime committed.

In this sense, we see in each system: it's ideals, challenges, and the way they restrict other systems or opposites to be established the same time. None of them could get absolutely extreme - ideal communism would be more like Anarchy, which would just put the goods into shop and let everybody take what they wanted (in sohvosis and colhosis, the unions for work, people often "stole" or took things for them, which was accepted as long as it did not get strange, such as needing all the cakes for the whole village - in Communism, somewhat there was the idea that as long as you are not really noticed, not invoking actual pain, you are quite on a right track, i.e. somebody should miss something before you are guilti in taking it away; this opposes to Capitalist idea that by giving freely, one negatively affects the demand and trashes the markets - thus, for example, people rather go to gym than using two hours to work for the poor).

So, there are types of people:
- The ones, who see historic problems of each thing mentioned, and assume it somehow magically arrives, because then Zen and Tao seem such a mystery, it's impossible to say you was wrong when you see problems arriving, and as hard to create the history without problems in any case - in actuality, everybody has tried, and everybody is explaining why the problems are not problems.
- The ones, who see seed ideas in each thing mentioned, and follow them directly. Seed ideas, definitely, need many experiences, even in form of "evil systems", such as Capitalism and Communism, and Democracy in the world (where it settles by war). We cannot exclude anybody here.

So if you do not belong into a type of people, you are constantly aligning the opposites as see the seed idea, early practice and the solution as it integrates and resolves as different parts of process, such as Z, X and Y phases. We can really say the early communism, capitalism and democracy were each "robbery systems" in different senses: long time I was thinking, why a "Pirate" is kind of communist idea, and why there was an archetype of a man with all pirate symbols, but without crime; then I understood that when the resources happen to be in private hands, in a hard to explain way, the Communist Government is a Pirate Boss rather than a "Democrat", which aptly agrees with each movement of money and power, materially constrainting that "this thing is there, therefore where it belongs". I have also seen the High Class American with heavy Pirate symbols, innocent as well - we see they have to do psychological fakery to fool the money away from wrong hands without breaking this principle; they follow another principle - that if it's fool to give money away, it was fool to never earn it; such people might work in government in a very surrender basis, while their business is aggressively robbing the fool. So, now imagine Red and Blue Pirate.

So we see:
1. Each time we established an ideal seed system.
2. Each time it was one law, which ignored the other law, and thus the nature betrayed it into some crimes.
3. The crimes of each, then, started to seem as a necessary parts of these systems, and any idealist was thought as being betrayed in the future.

Actual betrayal is often abuse of these features, where they are found out by people who think there is fatality in history, and by their Zen, they give up a good principle: they think, by becoming evil, but bringing the money to good hands, they are actually good. For example, where none of the crime will be seen, you are one amongst the criminals to be happy.

Zen buddhism is avoiding some of those principles - you do not become evil where it's so easy to hide. Here, we can not idealistic Buddhism to be like this, where they only take a direction to good; I establish a Sinus principle of Imperfection, where you cannot walk directly, but you walk indirectly - you train, you learn, you experience, and neither of those is a direct passatge. Big political systems even do wars against the enemy, instead of just establishing their own thing in lucky peace. The peace activist, often, in this real prosa world, creates a war against themselves - they stand tall, confident in themselves, but they cannot be so confident in others; and where others become confident, the reality often fails each source for the ultimate bliss. Thus a Zen buddhist trains: instead of dreaming good, they have to reach the actual capability. For example, buddhist warrior spends health and agility in half / half basis, so that theoretically they do not fail much when they are beaten. They do not train only suggestions of good ends, but it's an actual matter to *reach* them: you could easily be that person, like alien in U.S. Government, who is telling "you ought to do peace each", but then the sides are watching at them as if they do not understand their problems, and everybody except their own culture, even their own culture, can be aggressive: you very happily say you love this religion and want them to live in peace, but you actually cannot establish them in peace, and they do not understand when you got their friendship or how you follow theirs at all.

My models of mathematics, which is apt to change avoids betrayals like Tao and Zen, by surrender: by not making any assumptions. By Imperfection, each thing is left open, and when you dream of ultimate success of your idea, you will be betrayed.

The realm of betrayal is not a yes-realm, it's not one to definitely guess who is going to betray you, and definitely walking Your Way. It's, at first, an idea of surrender to ultimate betrayal: for example, think, if you, against all the expectations af yourself and possibly your creator or teacher, turn out to be wrong from the beginning, ruiner of a good thing. Your success-based thought, which presumes the successes of yourself and others, and fails to let them fall, deliberately, is where you are betrayed by Laws of the Nature. Each person or "demon", which appears, represents those laws: if not wilfully, to rescue you, they still do this quite deliberately and do not often understand themselves in any other way; for example, capitalist fails your ideals, but their source, rather than evil, is that they failed theirs. In case you are not idealist, it's not so easy for them, but also you will win the war - you can only see a story where you was attacked by good reason; your only "victory", then, is that you was better than your teacher, eventually able to earn more.

We live in a Hermetic, Thermodynamic system.
- Hermetic principle: we see that the systems are enclosed into closed laws, and they cannot get out; we see they are able to raise and fall, so there are higher and lower directions. In Alchemical principle, Hermetics and Thermodynamics, the "dead matter" is not alone: it's along with it's success and failure, it's not the brute force of local attempts, but a deeper principle such as Evolution and Growth blows like a Wind: so many winds can have to blow, as in a song, and the directions confuse you so you don't go just into the stream, downwind, but the reality is tricky and tricks you: so you are either a trickster, or your direct manner can make you a type of a person. In Hermetic worlds, the bodies, such as Identities, where even the Whole or the All is an ultimate identity, Summa Summarium of those Activities, and a Balanced Measure: you target immortality and supreme nature here, by transmutating the life and dead matter to higher states; if you are a typical yes-man, having a type of yes or no, you will be destroyed in this process, because it's a direction high. Hermetic without God is a very selfish force: in each theory, you find a balancing principle, and in theory of Hermesis it's God.
- Thermodynamic principle: we are closed bodies in equilibrum rather than energy, where equilibrum means the energy affection state, period or pattern is meant to stay; moreover we cannot fall indefinitely, but we reach zero and stop, even reach impossibility and yiddle away in this potential, or into betrayal of being *really realistic*, such as *enlightened anyway* - when we assume we are doing a wrong thing, all our reality is still converging to optimal energy states and betraying ourselves as long as it is bound to us at all; conscious enlightenment, despite this, is called *Light* and the *dead matters* of such deterministic people are rather called *Darkness*. Darkness means: while they are following their ideals, they are rather part of someone's more realistic plan. Where realistic plans are getting legal, they can start having problems of legality: they could reason ideals of another person, who is living their prosaistic world.

As the ultimate reality also has a sign, an amount of energy: by superpositions and Schroedinger field, a "Potential Field" as I call all such effects altogether (even the bodies reaction to potentials, where the Mind is present rather than Matter with "absolute laws": the Mind's laws are "fundamental laws", in sense that the "dead values" do not just happen, but we give them certain value criteria; in dead matter, simply having energy to explode can make a thing to explode, but in alive matters, living minds, we rather do fireworks at new year, a long sequence of explosions without any effect - while we, as a "dead matter", enjoy just the energy itself, which is an energy of death and passivity, we assume it's *our own energy*, where we ourselves are certainly structured particles: it's rather an energy to keep these structures, and it can flow in potentials, or in lack of activities).

For example, energy of equation "A = 4" is not a random, fast and strong change of value of "A", which is rather a dead matter of strength, but this equation is energized precisely when A is four. We say "life energy", "mental energy", "batteries of our own" - the life, mind and ourselves exist not in our direct evidence of movement, but rather there is an internal criteria, and any energy flows can be seen only in terms of existing, of being this thing whose energy this is, and in recreation of it. So, if we define life by 7 traits, any change to these traits is not an active energy, and force towards change a passive energy; rather, keeping those 7 traits and advancing them to stronger, more evolved presence, is the energy of life; as well as energy of mind preserves the mind itself and it's activities. These are goal-based systems, and as those goals appear, energy is heading towards the goals, and anti-energy is what wibbles away; additionally, by paradox logic of Zen and Tao: the idea and implementation of itself might not be it's deeper Self - in Mindfulness, we not only become full of our minds, but we seek our deeper Selves, more apt to reincarnate and re-exist through ourselves and others, and we can see ourselves representing a deeper, common principle (an united Self) as well as struggling with material causes one by one (a Cynical Self, which gives things away and takes them back, or finds new love as soon as the other love has ended).

The body is in material principle, because it reacts each beautiful woman in privacy in direction of love and family-keeping, it tries to eat each food immediately present, and each immediate surrounding or current presence of yourself is it's "highest metaphysics", the "existence itself". This is the battery in the current, reminding you that you cannot live things you cannot touch with your hand - this strength is also a weakness of your body. For example you are on lonely island with a random girl, and mentally wanting to keep your own family, you constantly fail thinking that it's your marriage, you might see yourself actually loving the girl: but once in a city, your body against all odds wants to instantly forget that girl. You are in train and there is a beautiful woman, or any woman at all, and you see this very special, where each eyeblink counts. Do not confuse this from another principle, which might fit - any person at all is important to you; or confuse this thing: practically, your mind is making very long contracts the same time.

The mind is in spiritual / religious principle: it thinks these relationships body randomly creates and forgets, just because you happen to stand as if in love, the mind thinks they are forever, and has a complex paradox around who is staying and who is leaving; once you move around, each situation in train can be a paradox: your nice shirt must be with you forever, friends must go through anything and marriage would remain even if you are permanently separated to two different countries; it's a high pain in which you rotate through your past, future, and potential marriages and see each of them real, intense and in paradox with each other. Once you are not given a food, you never take it from that person. Once you have given a food, you want to always demand it.

The flow is a situation, where you got each of the material principle, and you got them right: for example, if you must walk with a girl, to their home, masculine and feminine exist, you kind of share your homework, but it does not fail your more general pictures, such as both being part of far better couples. While in your Spirit, you see marriages and careers as permanent - you still manage to painlessly accept new realities, by absolute either by losing these, or by fundamental in getting better chances. You see it's not about your ideals, but it's a slowly progressing thing - you need real skills to satisfy anybody in this, and not just the constraint addiction; it's a very unique situation where it works out, and we count those on one-by-one basis, for example a certain couple, along with their friends, has a healthy alchemy, while another couple, within their circles of families, friends and business contracts, meets a toxic outcome. We either foresee these things or neglect with their outcomes. Weakness is to see that others do not have outcome: to associate them only with your failures is to rescue you; to help them out of anything you failed is also your community of failure - while they can be lost to others, where they might have personal weakness to belong, such as higher things where they have personal weakness to succeed, their interpersonal condition is to fail them with elements of betrayal. A person is in network of interdependency, and for example if you do not see interdependency of a woman, if you do not see it's their characteristics of where to be born or what genest to get, where you get your own from their ancestry, you are not an identity-logical paradox, then you choose whether you are a permanent part of this, or you are a progress and a traveller to the new realms, birthgiver of the new families - you are either a descendant (settler) or an ascendant, an ancestor (pioneer). The interdependent nature is often a betrayal: another person as a separate entity does not exist, but they also have a dependent nature, disposition of causes and effects in their chosen path. Consider: if the family of a girl is wrong in not wanting you, and a girl right in "wanting on their own", and the girl refers to family, their rightful dialogue: Zen is not logic that the case that if you face an actual reality you are as wrong, thinking you fit, as wrong are they, thinking you do not fit, and the girl was wrong to choose you - while their karma is what they can choose, and they have this negative choice, your karma is what you can choose, and you do not have this positive choice, with it's actual outcome. For example I left my ex girlfriend at the moment she told "this is an ideal now" - this material condition was not an ideal, not where I stick, but a time-consuming progress to get some money so we can survive; if this was not her ideal to go through everything with me, and not her parents ideal at all - we did not fit; it's not the case that I won't get material with my future wife - it's rather, I had no way to idealize such materiality at that younger age. She, indeed, did not like my community as well: where the mind is connecting me with so many, the connection seemed too high for her.

Where we can see the Hermesis or Thermodynasis in action:

Hermesis means several things: the whole Hermetic System means God is not Satan, but a centralized concept of an energy flow, it means we hermetically close the transmutation and call it Conscious, the All, and separate the principle of Evil, which is not Conscious God. We transmute the principle of Evil. Thus, we have each person in their Hermesis or Gnosis, where they become unitary carriers of energy, Energy Systems.

This aligns with Thermodynamics, where we are in dynamic behaviour of Thermos systems: systems of inertial energy containment and complex dynamics of this energy behaviour, where the God becomes Thermosystem against the Satan; and as He integrates His Shadow, He darkly enlightens into Transmutation of the Subconscious, things good He does not enlighten; and Strength of Heart - the Center - to tolerate the ever-lasting principle of Darkness and Shadows. The principle states There is Always Left to Grow: while the world was born in Darkness, the Satan, God gave Light, the God, wherein, to Say His Word of Material Consciousness; he accepted the Satan as the interplay of Darkness: he said, as Day, so be born the Night; and as a Summer, so be born the Winter; as the Life, a Death shall be born; as the Light over All, the ever-expanding Nature of the All means the Kingdom of Satan shall forever Thrive: it's us, by the law of Dukkha, our given Sin, which is Shiners of the Light in the field of the Sin. The principle of God, in this, was not Heavenly, the Source of Already Enlightened, but in Materiality, the Logical Obstacle - while the Sky is Foundation for the Life, Enlightened Future of the Past, the Earths and Hells, then, is the Dark Past for any Future, resolving into Rise or Descent. We see the God is Thermodunamic Force.

Laws of Karma, Sin, Punishment and Pleasure: each states the Dukkha in different ways. A skeptic might say "democratic government, the police and the money is all your karma, punishment and reward, and what you once got, remains with you, and what you lost, is gone" - the Law and the Democracy is still supposed to bring this Punishment and Reward, and thus be subject to all the Laws and Karmic networks they involve; then, *elections* shall be Born. Money, still, has the Stock Market, Investment, Loan, Currencies yielding and their values reflecting the conditions: each of these means is a punishment and reward. As Below, so Above, can happen here: thus, in the Principle, the Thermodynamic laws hold up to the whole - it's hard to see, which Evolution principle applies to the God, if not the *Unfolding*, but the Materialized God goes through an Evolution: so the Nations and Churches represent their cultural aspects of materialization, and reflected into the Nature, in Holy Spirit, God follows the Birth and Death, even fighting with himself - Polarized Topology of it's structure in complete, or Fractal Head as I call this, is where all those "Gods" are in Spirit the Fractal of One God, and all those Material Evidences, Reincarnations, are Eternally imperfectly seen Holotropes or in Ken Wilber's terms, holons - Fractal Feet -, of this, and each imprecise part of a Hologram, over the Eternity, then shines as a Sky, Enlightening even those born Gods - such as Christ, a Constitution of Authenticity of the God, the Real God of Authenticity, did show this enlightnment as He was seeking the Father: as a Shaman, He walked His Subconscious in His Flesh, a Physical Dream World. He wanted to show the Stupidity of this God Situation.

We might argue whether Christ is in Flesh, or in our Symbolic Understanding, an Archetype - by each myriad of sources, there is a classic proof of Christ by Authenticity of Force. This is aligned with my Star Seed definition, or proof of their value: Christ, through the Holy Book and it's Resurrected Vision, where He is alive not only by raising from cross, but by our Conscious Mind; from the Book, he said, as Life Force is being sensed, an Authentic Wisdom, which cannot be come from False Source. I cannot agree that this proves the Christ in Flesh, unless the sensation becomes material, in which such conception becomes thinkable: I agree that this represents the Motive of God, Shining the Light on the Real God, just as we can meet him in definition. Even Avatars of God just reflect an aspect of Him, but they remain his Avatars.

Seeing a False God is betrayal: but do not miss this as misopportunity; your mental eye reflects your reality - if you see a False God in your mental eye, he will arrive into your reality or materialize unless you really get along with this Shadow of God. Your mental eye projects God where you see many Natural World events, so that this forms a Natural Fractale and Fractal Head Topology - the principle, which holds on you, the Symbol of Metaphysics and Metaalchemy (the common aspect of all alchemic process); what you project as False God is if False Principle, often by very real reasons and represented people of rights, even equal to you, reflecting your *karmic bias*. This reflection lets you heal you, and happens in Good and Bad. This is a life puzzle so complex to resolve that getting rid of this image does not help you: this image is how your subconscious feels the whole reality, it's common speach, appearance and responses, so it's the active force in your life.

God has objective aspect: the metaprinciple exists, for the principles of existence of God and Hes Original Nature or the United End, an imaginary point After the Times. God has a subjective aspect: as you create bad, neutral or good karmic dependence over how you relate into the Complete Principle, your Complete Principle projects a Realm, Loka, Quantum Shift or Jump into such reality; completely neutral response might mean there is no God. When People unite and help each other, it's the Principle of God in Society: each Person has a society helping them, and then beliefs into what is contained in argument of God that "God does not help you, therefore there is no God". In this argument, God is highly personal: into the Matter, He reflects as Myriad of Gods, where Non-Gods and Satans appear as well. As an ultimate Thermodynamic problem, ultimate Thermodynamic solution appears to Him: to be Purified, he is the Neutral Law of the Nature, just as the Base Law of Predefined Logic, and in union to this; from principles of Good and Bad appearing, the Ethical and Unethical, and from His need to punish and reward, we can see it's not His to Overcome the Thermodynal Law of energy dependency on the whole and the parts.

If you make this impossible to help you, you betray you: you do not exist as the God created you, but you exist as a Potential of Single Creation, on your own, and by the Free Will Paradox: while God created you (by God exists), while the Determinant Nature gave birth to you (by God does not exist), you still have Free Will: by, you are exactly what you are.

You appear in Logic or Oracle Combinator of God; alternatively in Potential Field of Physics: to be Potential, either True (Fit) or False (Unfit) for Evolution, for each it's oracle-goal-based or predefined logic-causation-based Nature; herein the Natural Selection (Evolution) and Love (Growth, Conscious Evolution, Selection of Life). You create yourself: from the Dungenons of the Potential Field, by Right Choices, you determine the value of this logic combination, in this space, or the oracle outcome - whatever you truly decide to be, looking for your True Self, for example in Mindfulness Meditation, that you are. In the decent world and also in the past: without you being born, your combinations are vibrating in the real world, where free-willed you makes decisions in many realities, and almost forgets they are not alive yet; passing those dungeons, finding friends inside these realms I personally call "Mandala", because "Manala" is something like Hades in Estonian, and finding friends who are alive and by Root, respecting the Dead, and by Crown, respecting the Unborn - dead, looking from the Future to the Past, Dead into the Past. Opening your eyes to the future, neglecting the potentials of people to be born; and those people, then, coming out from the potential field; the logic appears, resolved by you, reality, the potential fields: the people, not yet born, feel as being born, almost as they resolve their potential fields, they try to track down each right decision about whether they have money to be born here or there, whether this is karmically an advantage.

Laws of Business, of Money, are Thermodynamic Laws: imagine, to the Spirit of You and your Identity, the Cause or Reason; we travel through Realities and Dreams, and giving Thought, Potential and Recognition Power to Dead and Unborn, you reflect the reality so well that you are God's deeper unconscious, rather than the trash he finally meditates away from their mind so that you won't get his Light of Recognition into the Ego Dissolution of God: where the Material Egos dissolve, and All Myriad of Beings reflect the Egoless state of fluid movement through existence of different forms of this Evolutionary Reality; the Source Principle is not lost: not the persons, not any given whole is having pain and pleasure, but the real logic force, unbound by form, identities and structures, vibrates the force of something being good or bad; the real causation of the Actual Whole creates peasure and pain, the emotion - when you lose your Cause to Be, internal and external, you can be Enlightened where you enjoy the real logic. Thus, the real Zen is to give up the Cause to Exist, and Surrender the Cause to Exist or not, like Hamlet: to Be or not to Be? The Heavens then answer this for you: as you know, the deep you in unity and singularity, up and down, either is a solution or wants to resolve, the process unless stuck in low energy yields harmony of being and non-being, an Enlightened, Ego-less state of God, where even Him can be reborn of Personality; only his deepest cause in Root, deepening in Feet as He walks this passatge and journey of Being: God we see as reincarnated God in Person of Matter, such as Shiva vs. Brahman or Christ-son vs. Christ-Father, more the Brahman, they must reincarnate in fractal then, where we would see the incomplete fractal reflections of His complete whole.

In this Dissonance, God's realm is Far from Perfect: it's Seed is Perfect, the Acceptance of Faith, but in the Materialization, the Body has Flesh and Bones - a Desire for Experience, Incompleteness. Christ's story is the mythos of this: for in this Matter, God hardly sees Himself in the Essential Nature. Krishna, then, in reincarnation forgot Himself, until a Singer Sang Him His Story.

For Betrayal:
- You need this Zen: you are ready and calm whatever happens, and even your Root Cause is flexible to reality; you might even disappear: as you live, die, disappear, live forever or be eternal, reincarnate forever or none, in each case you are still vibrating light and not your ego states as solutions. All your desires might dissolve and the real you appear, as much as it is deep, in different people, situations, even parts of life - you might not be, eventually, even a person. Each of your desires might betray: so you are open to causality and love your friends. You give rise to a true cause of this thing, not your own cause as immortality of you: only this true, deep, conscious cause can be Pure to reflect the Quantum Shift into this Actual Presence; as it's based on positive assumptions of it's outcome, or hungrily yields that it's own existence, in this form, is more true than the Reality Unfolding: in each case, the *meaning of the yield* is not true, and might affect it's own Cause negatively by not Following the Zen of Reincarnation.
- You do not walk in Light, but only in Light and Darkness: you give half away, you have ways of light, but you walk into the dark as well. Walking, in quantum terms, can be seen as creating: you walk in dark, therefore dark is. There are the betrayer elements of reality, the final logic, which do not accept your wishful solution: so the perfect solution not easily fits the outcome, it's not the actual combination when you look back. Rather, the vision where you succeed and fail, where there are good and bad outcomes, belongs to the solution set more easily: you be in here and now, in this sense. It's not too dark, nor too light: it's a heavy way to go, still with calm and relax. In this, you pass experiences of betrayals, and you enstrenghten this alchemy: where only through darkness is the way to light, only through one night is the way to next day, and the end of the tunnel is light, you cannot avoid any danger - the city itself is a risk, but being barely rich and avoiding it, unlike Marcus Aurelius the best King, you are finally just attacked in the home. Closing all the borders and forming elitary clubs in your own terms or even the absolute terms: you cannot close you to this yiddling.

To Christ, Caesar, Socrates, da Vinci: in each voice in history, the betrayal is fatal, we hear it like a last, final closing argument where none more exists, where it is unthinkable. It's simply a paradox: reality shifts it's meaning rather than travelling inside - in Logecs, we are rather open to change, that things are not what they seem. Our betrayers reflect this principle of reality: as we do as well, and resettle our realistic outcomes, walking the numerous paths, meeting the numerous people and accepting themselves without certanty: we do not choose a final betrayal, but rather, in small amounts and sums we do not take so seriously, different people betray us, and we grow this deeper understanding of the Eternal Negativity in our Soul: that, which can convince you in eternity that it's good for you, but become your end in the solution of such infinity itself, where you believe it. This can happen in time and space: the solution to Betrayal, which finally makes it seem like a normal battle, so your peace resolutions to battles resolve in infinities, and you find the Empty Seed for your normal Peace Process, now taking unbelievably long: you can sometimes fail, but it's your closest to survival.
