# Body Structure

Root is Zero: under the root are the legs. Our body is facing forward: on our back is the protection, the military force, and on our front is the love and opening, the unitary force. Our body is facing the whole society like this - our back relating to forces, which attack and protect, and our front to forces, which love and unite, or simply hate. Under the zero, in negative: in each part of the leg, it's facing backwards: first two bones are facing backwards, and the last is facing down - remember, down and up are back and front in power, while right and left are it barely (from right to left: from matter to spirit, from thinking to creativity - thinking is past, thus yin or Earth, being on Earth, creativity is future, thus yang, Heaven, Heavenly Melody or current to the Sky). So the Legs are Negative as they face backwards - where we came from, to the history, the matter. Feet face downwards: the deep reason, Earth, the subatomic particles. Legs are inertial system on the way there: Root itself is final, limit of infinity itself, unyielding this. Over the Zero: body, head, easily the hands, in one simplest position each is facing front. Still the body is dynamic: you can change where they look, in regards to each, in coordinate systems or basis of each; for example body can be the center, the head can change somewhat but the hands can grasp various positions; the hands are also moving to the future: working, manipulating and creating; while the head top chakra is limit to the future, the final infinity value as it unfolds.

We see outside reality: up and down is present, where left-right and front-backwards is somewhat open; we have magnetic poles and thus left-right-handedness of rotation. Often, our up and down is aligned to Earth, this is where we know it from - also by it's functions, where legs are the most local, body has rather continuous functions and attachments, and head is looking far and thinking even further.

We are dynamic, moving systems: so the real meaning of body and it's dispositions can be only dynamic and moving, as we contemplate, and we need to give our meanings to these dynamic extents. For example, hands can raise over the head, and we can take complex poses - while some poses are "defaults", some are "normal", some are "hard" and some can be seen even "useless". Tunneling through time we can figure out the meaning and practical purpose of body, and it's parts.

There are two realities:
- Flat reality, where our body is object, among many.
- Unitary reality, where our body is inside, and the it's reality outside.

Inside, we create thoughts and emotions, but we need a material structure as it appears from inside: matter keeps something, so to keep it non-yielding, we build this. Our process of materialization and the material process of birth, whichever are the dimensions and realities, finally come out as one process - while our base causation, Soul or Mind, is initially in our Parents, Society and Universe, which slowly approaches our birth by resolving all those needs: mentally, we must see some journey here as we contemplate on all our process, pre-process and the aftermath or epilogue. We need this material structure from inside out: to create a static essence to our presence, otherwise dreamlike-yielding, and through this matter to connect to others and their creations. In logical causation, some matter wants to be us, and some matter wants to be neutrally in between: it resolves only this way, consequently there is no logical tension if it's this way. Still, the matter flows through life and around it, and life possibly creates living causations in it, creating it's spell: until the living causation and material causation are synergized, so that the energy impulses are not in conflict - in material structures, human wants their will to be reflected as if it was their own; and matter is like a plastic, to human like a Space - keeping us apart, with physical distance, which makes us unitary. If we see body as material structure, pattern and oscillation where we actually create our mental process like a machine, we can accept our material structure: it is what we are, what we are able to do.