# A living body

I was dreaming that each part of my body grows.

When we work with our body, we work with the central, general view: but each part works along as it can.

As wrists before the palm gave a signal that they are idiots - first a little area in direction of thumb, then the area before little fingers - I understood this must be the brain of the palm. From this, I decided to train thumb circles and wrist / palm circles initially, understanding that this exercise aligned with exercise of the area grows this consciousness.
- Such exercise, with it's effects, grows in two directions. Outwards: to arm right before the palm, then to arm, and then further to body until it reaches legs; when neck, head and brain (by enugh neck and head training or separate consciousness of internal organs developed through meditation for the Body and Movement) are trained enough, hand training most directly affects the brain - you feel how it opens parts, and little movement of those parts of head would crack break and open it so that after the hand exercise, even little brain exercise will make the "crack" sounds and open the brain to control this physical aspect with general muscle. Towards fingers, a second part, the exercise grows through your hand and into the fingers - basic exercise of the fingers is needed.
- Wrists, from one shape, grow into another: trim or slim muscle right around a wrist might appear to switch between the old shape, more or less, but you cannot control this muscle very directly: rather, it follows to acts of will or grasps the intent on it's own; many muscles eventually encover some "magical" part of your movement and activity, and notice the situation or general will, but do not allow for direct will like a typical muscle - for example, as I trained the central meridian of the body, from top of the head to bottom of body throuch centers of legs and hands -, it appeared that it can raise my body into complex shift, where I walk like Buffy in movies of Disney: you get added balance, your legs make smaller steps and are strongly connected with the body; legs already indicate this is a superhero mode: while in countryplace, you want to become very vital, in a city you rather look like superhero, I thought - while this is a Japanese style, it's our common genetics if we consider what is *useful* in the city.

Consider my long doubt for city training: seeing how unconsciously humans understand signs developed in and for the city, and how the energy systems for city officials and other people are well-developed, I feel that the actual consistency of human body is very consent with an evolution of many civilizations, where our gene or genesis into civilization, with all it's passes, is already a product of expectation. Somehow, we produce a realistic fiction and fantasy - fiction, slowly, becomes real, and fantasy uncovers some principle, then both can be quality or somewhat artificial (far less); we have the quality sense. We could emerge from deeper genesis of a hologram in the background, which actually grows species:
- Imagine, for our living planet, this means the life on the core - at least / apparently -, there is a gene or genesis. This appeared, for example, from spread of basic information in our whole bubble of relativistically closed space (our current borders), or it's higher-frequency information distributed in Cosmos further than we are able to see. Somehow, in this space, a genuine fractal plan of life emerged, and is discovered by experiences of illumination.

The story that we are part of something bigger might not be serious, but it very practically fits our sound:
- For the "coming from other" people, like Star Seeds, there is complex creativity not associated with earthly source of this kind. The other planet, then, is a stubborn part of their consciousness or actual resilience of their soul to come from: all these cases, including any of my own inner feeling or memory-like structure, while I doubt in it's matter, I find it's essence highly useful. I find such people are inspiring and while it's not important where they draw from, it's a wave of experience of emerging fractal patterns of a bigger scope; somehow we *can* be part of hologram of whole life this way, the whole possibility in the Cosmos.
- I see the life emerging somehow in the Tao of the Cosmos.
- For this, we have legends like God-destroyed civilization of Atlantis, and many other events on Earth. From this stories it seems it's natural for a civilization to be born, to grow up and to be destroyed, sometimes waiting for a new race. Moreover, the saints remember so many lifetimes of our planets - their story of Earth, more fits remembering each history mostly to current phase, and sometimes closer to the end.
- For each Religion, a deeper gene and more powerful genesis is coming from God, who indeed considered it all to the end.

Area of your mind is used in box - when it's hit, you can lose your mind consciousness:
- In head, it's above your eyes, ending at ears; it feels like crystal or class, unlike muscles. Notice your scalp is somewhat moving - you can do exercises for this area, which seem like they reflect in the shape of scalp; for example, move the face and top of your scalp closer and farther. These exercises, in beginning, must be aligned with general strenghtening of brain, neck and V-shaped muscle under the neck: when it's tense, without other chest muscles, they create a strong visible shape of V mostly under the bone.
- In hands, the whole wrist muscle continued from inside of the palm is similar in structure; a specific Mind of a hand is outwards at twist, under the little finger, and while it sometimes appears, it can also get completely hidden - it's also not completely under control.

Exercising wrists, directly or through their connected parts, makes this area more complex and actually enables palms into experience of being in hard position and complex move. From here, the energy needs to be transmitted to fingers in training process - you make your wrists until your fingers get strength to be actually trained. While thumb and it's first two fingers are initially available, 6-finger arts of work are not very specific; the last two fingers can use thumb to hold things alone, so that first two fingers are free; the little finger, as you move it apart from the hand, must not go back on it's own with initial 2-millimeter push. Starting from these 2 fingers, right to the arm, and your whole body, you always miss an outer part.

Notice the left and right parts of the body: while front is higher-frequency, and top is higher-frequency; we usually associate left hand with higher frequency (creative, artist) and right hand with lower frequency (rational, engineer). It's very good to train into equal balance - for example while I'm left-handed, I'm slowly progressing with right hand, which is now trained stronger at the moment, and it's intelligence such as writing with it; left used to be the oracle and right the logic, but at the moment it's backwards because the body rotated and did not want to rotate back - left and right are so similar that we must understand, which dimensions we measure. Notice the center: as you train your hands, area between where your fingers start would need to be trained; this training is reflected in connection between left and right brains from your head. Fingers are two couples, two left and two right fingers keep together so it's hard to get them apart: after you train the fingers, you train this center line to the wrists.

Once the brain of the hands is trained, you feel it gets conscious. Life often appears in tissues: first you train a single movement, then you continue the exercise until a tissue appears, which makes you feel more like a human. When wrists have complexity and they have the mind, the local centers activate the local brains: your hand movement complexity becomes more like a machine and hands fulfill simple goal-based sequences. To fill your whole body with brains is important.

Notice that each part is place in fractal, while it has it's own fractal:
- Palms, inwards, are specific fractal or unit; outwards, they are parts of whole hands - while not each small muscle is part of hand, the general movement and basic positions of palm can also be seen as general part of the whole hand, where it has perhaps 3 or 4 parts depending on the detail of it's own control system.
- Brain is similar: while it has the whole-body brain, by which it's part of a big fractal; it has it's own brain and life: this which is feeling the brain as biological mechanism.

In fractal, you connect the different levels together and extend the properties of each level into locality - into some degree, each part can reflect the whole body.

After my hands got such consciousness: one of the interesting experiences that the brain or the mind in head, with look of the eyes, seemed to "notice" the hands, to deeply focus on the hands with sense, which saw nothing before.

# Doing many things at once

In "New Scientist", which I found on the table at one place, there was an article that human is biologically not able to do several things at once. Notice that this biology is not very developed.

We do not aim to have two or more brain activities at once: centers often form singletons or singletude by some aspects of presence and perhaps we see ourselves rather living a single life, trying to align each part.

To manage our time, indeed, is very scientific and it's the part of life we struggle at.

Notice that:
- Each of the 7 chakras work together, where each function is active at the same time.
- Parts of our body do not connect to central consciousness, but they use their own. Systems like breathing have this.
- We can train complex movements meant to carry out more objectives than one, while they might be connected to one thing, such as central panel of your factory robot with singular visualization.

Rather than inventing several similar activities, you should learn to do each thing naturally, with proper aspects of the body and mind; the brain, indeed, is to unify them into single being, and it might not be reflecting itself as multitude of activities.

Read from the robot book given in my list: while initially, robots had a "central nervous system", it later turned out to be more useful to have several different localized systems, such as indicator of approaching end to stop the robot and move it back.

While doing different simple things with two hands takes effort, I have used this effort from my childhood - as I could not be very good in this, people often do not like if your mundane activity is partially an exercise, but this is very important to you to "be an idiot", in this sense. Lately, this training yielded some success and I just felt how the left and right hand moved more to two axes, and things like throwing something to trash can at the same time of putting glass on a table is now more convinient and might not look like an exercise or extra effort so much. While people fear things, which happen at extra efforts - sometimes you fail -, our life needs to be lived with certain muscle creativity and degree for growth; this does not bring anything so directly, but slowly such activities become more safe and more usually done, for sure.

As you develop skills in music instrument, simple rhythyms develop into complex patterns, where it might seem as several instruments or fulfill the needs for.
