# Creativity over Chakras - Somatic and Material creativity

Are we truly creative?

First, what is **Infinite Potential**? In it's Negative aspect, your Negative Energy is to travel the infinity of Negative Outcomes; let's call this principle "Tai", as I kind of have to make it up based on my letter meanings, which should allow to convert normal languages into their ponegate forms: you either go closer to your devil, your own Hell or farther away: this occurs in Space, the existing field of potentials, not in Time, where you would *create* your devil: for the devil, which appears anyway, you have to choose the moment. If you solely "banish" a devil: the deeper reason behind them will *betray* under their name, where their name appears again - the devil appears again by betrayal of this death. Devil is the dead part of you, and you would kill it for being dead: you destroy your mirror or spectacle (in my language, term for miracle), you destroy the body of the devil, but the mind is not to be materialized: through mathematical complex, the devil appears under another name. Now, to say the name, is to destroy the devil - but the name is another. This is the negative infinite potential - you can walk your hell, to optimize each adventure of your life into it's optimal state, not into the last moment, which is kind of fatal, because now it appears as *outside force* and has little to do with your will. The Negative Power is the Zen principle: based on this principle exists anyway, we let go of it does not exist. Now, to bring your enemy to battlefield, might mean you create them in purpose of the battle - if you provoke war, you kind of do not fight a war, but it's a very personal issue, kind of personal stupidity where you are finally left alone: your enemy is stupid, but, you, too. When you walk to the battlefield, where the enemy already is, which is way to say "no" - contradictory to miracle belief of "yes", where I use the word "spectacle" for miracles to notice the spectacular nature of this world, in the lights and shadows for real day and night -; walking there kind of means: if it's going to happen anyway, it's going to annoy you on the emotion field as the quantanians (quantum physical mystics) call it.

The good example of quantum believers:
- **If This Is Happening to You, Your Quantum Jump Is Closer Than You Think**

While the quantum work is always an original work, most of it is done by girls, who are not particularly good in neither math or engineering - their "quantum dimension" might seem very creative and yielding ("like a girl"). This video particularly keeps the reference to quantum dimension in it's proper position.

Where is the proper position for quantum dimension?
- Scientific parallels to quantum theory allow more precise calculations: in quantum theory, for example, there is the "absolute logical solver": holistic law of the Nature, which does not go as any single law, but observes all the laws in unitary way through quantum superposition - utilized in quantum computers as primary mathematical force -; the law of superpositions simply uses a hyperdimension, over all physical dimensions of energy and matter, to turn it towards energy by higher degree. As long as humans are benevolent creatures on quantum field - which, for us mere humans, means being sensibly aware of physics -, we vibrate such energy, fix the quantum field, either in our win or our meaningful sacrifice - where, for whatever reason, we happen to "save the word" not in our own benefit at that moment. If we are such way alchemical creatures, "transmutating the matter", the law of superpositions would be a hidden, complex field to turn the Nature in direction of our advantage, each time we manage to do with our energy in the future. Humans might be complicated to understand: but to understand them quant by quant, looking only this primitive aspect of their math, they might find Tao to synchronize their intention with their actual good, and practice their actual good in purpose of quantum field, viewed *alchemically* or *emotionally*, as if the energy was good, on it's own. *Meaning* of the energy appears in infinity: this is infinity-directed slice, which turns the field emotionally, and they only make sums if they merge to turn the actual infinity; while superpositions are resolving this field, evolution with it's entropy-based-combinator and natural-selection-based-filter, and a clever algorithm, which uses randomization to provide additional entropy, as well as balanced formula for the groups - as the random seed and adaptible behaviors create you, you have already divided the roles with others. The additional, creative random choice, such as getting to new species: think, if only one member is born with a gene of new species, with additional thread, then with who they get children, and how it's possible a new species does not get children just from their family? Are they mutating collectively? In terms of practical math, the mere potential of this mutation to exist means they are mutating *in parallel* to collectively, which means they achieve the position of the word, if not it's side-effects. Then we say, species evolve collectively: they pass the gene, from collective (a whole species) to collective (a whole species), and the new species is going to form families much the same way, as the old species did - for example, in the same combination of personality traits, or traits such as being flexible or being weak. The maleness and femaleness is going to mutate in parallel: both have their proper reflection of the mutation. We don't need to ask how this happens, but we can take it as matter of fact that the result, it does not yield from the path of this Position; over this is the *mechanics* of how they do this purpose, because finally it's *done*. This is where I use the local and infinite: in infinity, which covers the *meaning*, parallels are *meaningful*, while locally they might seem not sharing the consequences and side-effects: in infinity, those are just to be worked around, as we live in a very practical infinity.

Negativity: easily, when you see all you Mind fail, for the future, past and now: but it can be a hidden truth that you did not say "no" in this imaginary future or it's Mind; once you see this "no" is truth, another "yes" can be as solid potential.

# Superpositions

In Quantum Computers: superposition is used in a way, which makes the solution, as closely as possible, resemble the favourable outcome of quantum field; in easy terms, it should burst energy. If the constraints are set so that the solution, through given "quantum web" or identified and controllable bits, statistical set of what it fires will give the probabilistic fit to given energy - it's an important goal to clean the quantum field from noise to get the best solution, but if the given field itself has a favourable solution over your local solution, the Quantum Computer of some random kind could act as a sensitive; it does not do it by Root, but by Chrown. For example, you have another, big quantum field around, which is *dependent* of the solution and carries *more energy* - if I'm right, parallel quantum processing would be interesting shortcut.

Now the matters you solve is whether Energy = Energy:
- The material quantum field is measuring material energy.
- The *efficient solution* of mental field works the same way, it tries each combination and fires the most-energy combination.

So for Mind, the future-oriented aspect, the Goal = Energy and Method = Combinations; for Matter, the current-oriented aspect in regards to the past, the Algorithm = Energy and Method = Combinations. While this is under question, in our Spiritual quest it's very good to associate Matter with the past, and consider it's partially a determinant machine under evolutionary factors, and each goal-based aspect is subject to research.

For the Mind, it's directly based on Goals - thus, the deterministic calculation must reach zero, where the Mind starts above zero. "Zero" is where each negative combination is combined, and a position result appears; also where the positions and negations are properly ordered or regarded in the process.

"Negation" is a mathematical operation of the Real World, based on Theorem of Incompleteness:
- Mathematical operations are impossible without them being *Rooted* in *Negation*, which is like mathematical past. You have calculations or equations: you do them in some order. For the input, without Negation, you would need the Result: rather, by Negation, you kind of start from Zero, and you reach back to Zero with each of your calculations. *Negation*, in my terms, unlike *Negotion*, is what *precedes the calculation*: consider, if you AI knows all mathematics, but has to explain a specific formula. Without negation, you cannot find the track from specific formulaes to the theory: whichever formula you look at, the theory is already known, and you cannot define, what means "only a specific formula". For example, if the end result is already there, the machine would not understand the algorithm or steps to reach there, any more: this means, you get *Deeper*, into the basic Cause and Effect: notice the Beginning does not completely exist, but from mathematical synchronization or coherence, the coherent system has done many operations without your intent; you just basically check different combinations and reach one - but you do not know the complete basis. Complete basis will extend infinitely, and creates an imaginary past to appear to your birth field (the Root Chakra). When you heal the past resonance, not exactly the immediate past, but rather the indirect past will evolve - each time you start basing your reality and decisions on the past, it contains the healed element, and you vibrate the solution properly with your Root Chakra. This is the Root Chakra healing and it's nothing mystical and does not complete, moreover you need to do more of it in harder situation and more of it in changing situation: this means you process the painful past until you reach pleasure, or kind of pleasure - an acceptance of experience for your own good. In Zen, this does not mean the experience is good: it solely means you do your best thing with it, you learn it, and you calculate that the way you could take is the way of these experiences - so the karmic solution of them is your *actual* solution in *real* life, even if it does not seem that in ideal reality you would need to solve it. What you do with this positive experience? You Space is what you cannot change much: being in the middle, you see your Dark passatges each Night, or when the lights go down. You Time is what you can change: it's flowing, and in Summa Summarium, where delaying the experiences means to make them worse, you can track the real time in linearized Space as going further, rather than coming closer to present situation from something unimaginably bad, which does not fit the logic from the other hand. So it's not a warm pleasure, but a wise pleasure of Mind to see itself in it's actual coordinates: it appreciates the Life as it's passing by, and through good and bad it can see how it had a Wound, much like a birth Sin of Catholics; and the Wound, indeed, over experience, is Healing: the misfortunate bliss comes from initial guess that the Wound is not there, with disappointment when it's paining or shaming, and finally, wishful stick on the delusionary coordinate system. In Viking way: we should naturally accept that the world is worse than it seemed. The other person might be worse than they seemed: this past karmic memory should not create us an illusion of misbehaviour on the other side, but to fix such relation we must strengthten to their (mental weakness).

# Trust and Strength

How you can Trust the world?

Trust:
- A personal appointment; trust for the Universe.
- A meeting of people; business trust.

It's a passive force:
- You Trust the Universe or God for how they helped you, and have promised to help you.
- You gain in your Business Trust based on strict rules and regulations, developed by fear.

While passive force is "Christian Civilization Bonus": it's the collective karma we create in united manner, it's the power of Soul; but it takes time for freedom of each individual Spirit; the passive force is also where one might be excess in Trust in God. God, what matters to you, can be Tao of God: just a karmic evidence for you. It's just your own karma: as you help the All, you logically converge to helpful force somewhere; as you do not, the God might disappear: there is no helpful, general Force. This is not a belief that it would do so - learn to believe in Christian -, but a faith that it's the Tao of such force, the Summa Summarium of each force around you. It's not each individual force, but the Quantum Superposition of them: if the superset would choose to maximize the energy implied also by equilibrium and all the other good things, energizing the superset combinations with your best intent would mean a very general flow towards your good: it's the God, being just one force which is hard to explain, if it's not in mathematical synchronicity, coherence with God's principle. This is the Active Force, the Faith: basically, here you *Join into God*, and *Find the God in your Heart*: it's not just giving and receiving, but also the logic of the flow, with it's irrational half. For example, when people start estimating their deeds into future, each domino / butterfly effect, you calculate the local fractal, which would globally converge into Soul and Spirit - by which means it would not become conscious, well as our own synergy it would still be necessary; but if we have pleasure from great energies, such as Thunder, Storm, Volcanoe or Rain - this is only the feeling of energy; the supersolution to superset of superpositions is definitely a heavy pleasure worth the name of the Mind. If Mind won't exist, the fractal of Mind would exist in each part - each of us would get one over-head feeling of superposition, of the whole; doing this, we usually feel the Spirit - when each member of a team is a football fan and goes to play, they feel the collective football spirit rather than a mosaic of little spirits. So we point, and we talk, and we assume: but which are the perfect words to not wound the blessed, to not insult the sacred? Infinity frequency is heavy and if we fail this, we basically fail all - if we insult this mind into nonexistence, then it could be only a Negative act; it cannot be our fundamental desire to banish the Field for it's our life field - even if we won't reach high, we depend that more.

Trust:
- A personal strength, meeting of oneself.
- An approach to collective, meeting of others.

It's an active force:
- You trust in Universe, because you have trust in you.
- You trust in your relations, because you have trust in you; you can let go as a free Zen flow, not having been engaged.

I met a real feeling of Trust when I crossed a street, where my sensitive abilities did hit in: they brought me so perfectly through, a passatge I would not have felt into, by an active force of my Body and it's indirection: while it's not an ultimate end of security, this layer of power born, it also opened new Trust - the streets are what they are in relation to you, and as you run on the way, the Car hit's you as strongly as if it hits, when the driver alone made a mistake. As a child, car did hit me twice, first time a little and second time kicking off the life for a while - I lost any trust in cars, slowly following the semaphores for long time. This mistrust is hard to overcome.

Remember the *karma*: you are not only expected to *earn* the money, but also to *not abuse* it, to *protect* it. Earning is inside the scope of karma, in Belief, but protecting it and fighting for the *karmic principle*, is in Faith: you generate the active force along with it's object, and when both karmic principles are interacting, instead of one, you are fulfilling the active principle of *karma* and *money*. They are about giving and receiving.

When a strong man attacks you, you are going to protect, to attack, if you can - if a weak woman or child does that, you might not decide this. When you are stronger on various levels, you have less enemies: there could be a specific gain of force, where you are annoying for both weaker, and stronger than you.

As your enemies are cast away, and their potential - another active logical force - is farthering, the overall danger means less to you, you are ready for "death"; you meet space to meet your friends, who have gone through different persons of the games you felt into, so that each would protect both the *karma* and the *karmic force*, respectively to previous paragraph. Now, your Trust is rising, in how the people would gain friendship in you - they can do much more, with force far less, and respectively the Universe starts to favour you.

This is a subjective view, where you are the subject - R or projection, in regards to objective force T or the projected, as a singular item or preference.

Here, you see how you can change the world by "quantum shifts":
- Training your legs makes the city smaller, without loss of qualities such as living in a village.
- Training your hands makes the work seem smaller.
- Training your head makes thinking less in biological pain.

Each of those, now, induce shifts in your reality:
- Look a super-strong man, let's take Bruce Willis a generic good fighter in car and mind adventures. In his case, as he touches more distant things with his hand - you see the *emotion* inside is as if his hand moved a little, so for his force-being, things right around are very small.
- The same way, a super-strong leader, imagine him on his tower, castle or palace, sees the city as "home", and his movement cannot express he left the house as he is lighted by surrounding places; you can see "man who gave birth to a decent city" standing, in a movie street, in certain position that the place must be very small. It's small to handle, small to live in, small to find a nearest place.

Brain or Mind then, might do these projection space metaphors, and you start to feel like an insect, who runs fast even in comparison to human body and his long legs - while your room is like a city for them, it takes moments to pass by; sure those are not moments for them. There is a visual illusion that from farther, you look shorter; it's a short-man complex.

Back or spine brain would rather show the same coordinates: but as you train the muscle itself, you don't feel like growing bigger, but like growing smaller; at each level some part of you is now smaller and cheaper to maintain and use.

# Creativity of Emotion

Emotions, as you can see: it's not a limited set of things, or some specific scientific theory of axioms, but a very free space of mathematically unlimited set of meanings or directions. The "infinite potential" means you invent new feelings and shapes to convert the situations.

# Creativity of Body

The continuum of body is too large to train it all, and the body seems to be very compatible for the future. IT also has the *infinite potential*: where you might have limitations in certain respect, to overcome in other respects - you are, in deeper sense, in a free playfield; as you see the infinite play of all the obstacles and challenges to body, you also develop an infinite response. Your ability is psychophysical, for nerves and muscles both to be capable for certain move or set - this growth space, then, means you are growing infinitely far. The combinations you find, often they might not exist - it's the miracle, the flexible structure of our body, still governed by realistic instincts in sense of the persisting things, like space and matter and mind.

# Creativity of Health

Health is said to be a Negative Power: based on removal of obstacles and unignorable amounts of pain. Buddhist masters say one can continue ininitely with better health, you are in a spiral of growth; Taoist masters say health is about strength.

Health: in medicine, it's sometimes seen as force outside of you, where you need a medical cure. Once a weak body is sick, it's hard to find a pleasure.

Your organism constantly recovers health, and this is based on your strength. Just as the Trust comes from inside, this health comes from inside: by making it stronger, you do not only cure sickness, but you turn it to be meaningless - the same pains, which used to bother, are now in limits of your tolerance and you won't stop with them.

To grow: while you cannot ultimately protect from accident, you can raise your strength and this does not have to be proven as a cure for this or that - this is your general response on all levels, in healing and coping, even neglecting to the future and backwards.

You might now walk a way of health, where you even lose it's batteries as you act - you might not be so readily resistent for all calls out of your safety zone; you go to colder, work longer and you are not so sensitive about every material or mental thing, such as a person in front you repeating a meaningless move - which, you should celebrate, because the training is going on, for their body to act and for yours to tolerate this action. This brings the pressure on your health system - stable tone of pressure with periods of relax and periods of efforts bring you closer to your ultimate health, a scope never to be born but still very real as the future health calms you down about the past sickness; the future cure amongst your infinite lifetimes, seeing this you can do so infinitely long the past work.

This healing does not work in T level: the direct penalty and escape on the physical plane. Rather, it's R: you have to compare two different realms, of different yous, and both the nature and implication of the penalty; so you get the no-sickness-no-cure, or basically that you would have almost healed anyway: on the other hand, on your lesser timeline, the accumulative problem does not let you to heal.
- Here the time is two-dimensional: while it moves back ("O") and forth ("A"), as you get less or more sick respectively; it also moves up ("E") and down ("A"), as your history turns to be less or more sick in general. You need two-dimensional number or matrix. Luckily, in this process of effects and causes in outside-interaction, where you remove both effect and cause: you can create virtual realities, compare the whole timelines, and find consistent systems to express such numbers, where the general health (system) and specific health (problems) interact; this is the local and global interaction.

Notice the "time" is a virtual element - it's the direction from cause to effect, from reason to it's result; locally a real-time might appear, depending on the steps you take in your calculation and it's preparation; to create common numbers out of complex reality, you have to create the whole map out of it, where it's even circular.

Measuring time in direct cause and effect and evolutionary process:
- In direct cause and effect, time is linear.
- In evolution the time is passing in two dimensions: locally from cause and effect, and to purify these variables for example you make a cycle of zxy, past-present-future, repeat over three digits, which means each of them equals one. Globally, you can have three digits ZXY: let's make them relative, so if each equals one, you have 9 digit number of three 3 digits groups, where there are three iterations of your evolution. The lesser digits can be turned to T-positions or depositions, columns from left to right, and morer digits to R-positions or repositions, rows from up to down. In this reading into 3\*3 matrix, we have a respective conversion into linear space, where we move into lower dimension - and if we want to keep equal digit numbers, we move into higher precision in lower dimension, so that 3\*3 matrix becomes either 3 vector or 9 vector. We can average them and get a 6 vector - a nice compromise, where geometric (infinity-related or square[-space]) average could be even better. In this vector space, and notice it can happen properly in Laegna octave so the Latin octave needs to be converted into Laegna before, and back after the operations - this means, exponential and linear growth factors must be linearized into same scope; otherwise you have to take care that your rows and columns have linear-exponential factors taken into consideration each time.
 - For actual evolution, the theme to get ZXY, zxy factors is grand, and we work in multirelated and curved spaces, with variable curvature, to get actual free flow of linear cause and effect. Those letters might be even virtualized - while you keep the mathematical, consistent framework by using these letters, you solve each special case; notice while the practice is somewhat complicated, in ideal case of my math this problem is solved perfectly and completely - this happens, if you have unlimited computing power and memory, but despite being ideal, it gives you the consistent number you want to catch, and can track; it basically gives a coordinate system to relate your operations - just like irrational numbers, while theoretical, allow deductions and theorems in many cases, and ways to write them based on different axiomatic systems.
 - For computer program, each separate iteration can occur as separate call to function, and one iteration follows the other - now, to linearize it is quite an easy challenge.

# Karmic, infinite potential - Human as a Creator

For your walks on potential field, you do not consider only the dead and alive, but also the people, who have not born:
- When you walk around in virtual numbers, your education based on potential realities, where better creatures can become involved and survived; the evolution, field superset or God would indeed rotate into realities, where such creatures live in more probability.
- When you consider your Mind, consider what if you are not "invented" yet: you, yourself, reach the proof of yourself; proof is the active force and God got you proven.
- Consider *you are* inside field superset, only a potential to be born, or that other combination would take precedence: you become more flex to live in different realities, congruating to Idea World or the Mind over matter, existing in it's own plane: it has generalized so that the actual reality is a combination. You will find the ways you would feed back from potential field to reality, so that it could calculate you - by needing less probabilities to exist, you support your karmic goal.

We fight for:
- The laws of karma itself, such as establishing a constitution.
- Inside the laws of karma, such as gathering a better karma.

This, because reaching a karmic solution needs energy, and the reality would still be in minus, a negative potential, when the creatures do not work for their karma and execution of it.

By reaching a better karma, where you deserve a better reality: your outlook to reality, the reality itself, or say, outlook to it, will change so that you reach there. Perhaps you have to work for it, like a Creator. This is the bottom-up God, which will meet the top-down God, or in religious terms: each of us finds the spark of God inside; "Atman is Brahman".

The reality is infinite and by building the karmic bounds, participiating in every event even creation of this new reality, and accepting to surrender, you can infinitely flow without distracting God.

Notice the laws of how reality shifts: it's not a matter of one single physical law or theory, while the Quantum Supersets together with Schroedinger Fields would enable it; rather, the meaningful connection exists and the logic transcends realities - the Force is, to evolve and to be somewhat *a priory* necessary or given; where each of the consequence lines falls into this single mathematical problem, the physical solutions would simply satisfy it - they release the tension. Theory behind that is rather Thermodynamics, and through so many means will thermodynamics reach it's higher states - which is either equilibrum, or it's *energy*. It's *energy* in terms of equilibrum of what, or in terms that what is coming, reaching and preferred, must carry the name of an energy.
