# Darkness in Matter

There are several dark, kind of Satanist conceptions about matter.

## Entropy

In original theory, entropy is *chaos*. It used to evoke cold feelings.

Entropy, in relation to Natural Selection, connects the random combinator with a deductive logic system, thus releasing the matter from determined path. Entropy appears in interreactions of matters and their potentials, or equality of each possible choice for the physics: by this it appears in any complex Thermodynamic system. Notice this definition also involves that it's part of the logic matter has on matter - in the same basic force one must assume a complex alchemy is resolved as well; it's not completely random, but the randomness is guided by possibilities and impossibilities, causes and effects - yielding randomness on some levels with less constraints and guides.

Entropy empowers our evolution: principles of Entropy and Natural Selection will deductively bring us out of inefficiencies; the resulting forms we call organized matter and life - progress to inductive, where they start to mutate the principles, which passed as positions. Each infinite amount of infinity and natural selection is but a moment of life: it will resolve one logic expression. Infinity of infinities would resolve the first, most generic expression of infinity of space and time, so the square infinity of past: means a cosmic inductive starts, we have some positive principles, not just negative trials, and thus our new, higher evolution of blind choice is already made of choices meant to advance us, and mostly on potential field such as quantum superset or living combinators of math and logic.

## End of Time

In physics, one of the essential possibilities is that our Universe will slow down and freeze into absolute zero. Absolute zero can not exist: so we must see, an octave higher, a new resonance appears in accelerated measurement of space, where life can become again. In case this follows a strong hologram principle through long periods of vibrations in accelerated space, even to multiple levels of acceleration: the hologram would produce sensations and effects also in lower octaves.

Notice there is zero in the middle of time and octaves: where the energy, from being introverted and isolated particles, grows logic enough to form continuous space between zero dots. Matter and logic, then, get the potential of infinity reaction.

Notice that we do not know whether we are shifting through quantum planes, lokas or quantum realms - this is theoretized that such shifts occur, and indeed humans shift much as wholes. People, then, become more or less vibrant as their energy and being extends to your quantum states, as well as your complex paths vibrate into rhythym, evolving patterns and harmony: more material, mental or theory meetings unfolding as well or into chaos and dissonance: the Space element, the spatial dimension, they create the complex paths not meeting each other on any scale.
- Lifetime, we form these patterns or lokas on planet Earth, and both physical effects and quantum shifts are applied. Notice the mental energy, which either gives you a permission for interaction or fails the interaction you intent to - the realms can want to be so together, where even your shared karma allows to see the same material and mental events; once you are there you might participiate, so once you participiate with no means or disparticipiate when you should, you might not reach there.
 - This is an energy of Space: your karmic spaces fit, then you meet.
 - It's closely related to Law of Attraction: notice, often while you want good, you must go through bad to really produce it, so higher frequency can lead you to lower realms. These are the Dark Nights.
- Between lives, we do not have this constraint Earth, specific family or ties: thus, between lives, the quantum realms shift with much less rigid constraints. The lives are not born which fail their constraints of borning, or in material evolution, they will be born only a limited time, until the ends - effects and causes, in reverse - converge.

With all these effects, I always think about philosophical matters - the realms you talk with, might be where you are connected by karma. If the people have different fears and hopes, then it might be:
- For some people, they end in frozen time.
- For other people, they raise in frequencies, and from those frequencies also heal their lower frequencies.

For example, people from different times might live together. You before zero of time: it kind of is you, being born from the same principle, but kind of is not: after middle of time, you have the new personality to meet these ends. Your infinity might end before you reach there - you go into infinite, low cycle, where the infinities are passing; while each infinity goes to the end - as time progresses, more valuable infinities raise in their relative frequencies, and when thousands of years pass in one, only moments of the in-box pass in other.

Each being, however low they fall, still remain in infinity or the potential infinity, for those who would break the time immediately. The Nature wants to see their stories to the end, and those who avoid their demons: will once be attacked by one, and the others cannot save them. This is the Equality of Rights of Negation - you are constitionalized to live in the same realms, time by time, with those creatures who are ready to corrupt you, and this will never end but continues in the potential fields you deeply experience, with flashes of sights in reality. The lower gates won't close, especially in your Zen and expectations: it has a betrayer nature, appearing as perfections, being gone as failure. Theoretically, they are the highest creatures, and it can take an infinity to convince you - so see yourself as logical calculation, which is resolved as it's passing by.

Why the process exists, to find solutions to fatal causes and combine the possibilities, is not coming from particular physical laws or basis for mental relations, but rather the principle that impossible cannot happen, and desirable happens, conquers each plane and aspect of reality, each paradigm - for example, we can have many paradigms to reality, but in many cases we fall to assumptions of producing only thermodynamic systems, and we cannot get rid of it's constraints. The "material principle" or "principle of imperfection" conquers each plane, each aspect, and thus: if combinator exists in fundamental laws, it's good, but if not, it's simply combined; the force of evolution definitely reaches to point of trying different possibilities and selection of the best one. In case quantum supersets would do something else - possibly, their effects would be cancelled out by other forces. Forces in interaction hide the metaphysics: the deeper causes and effects, which provides the particular choice even in things, which seem not to change and affect the laws; different laws of electricity would indeed provide effects in other laws, often to balance out any loss. This metaphysics is compatible with the final outcome of all the physics. Even in logic and math, some things can inevitably yield true and exists as basic facts, so we cannot find causes and effects inside - with metaphysics, we try to go deeper into causes and effects; metaphysics of moving systems, as spirituality and materiality respect, is the alchemy: it's a reaction of deeper causes and effects to change the material outcome of recurring kind. Quantum Superset as a combinator - could it be contained in a living system, gain life, or be connected to our minds? Each part can evolve together, and while we need various combinators, they can also interact: for example, if you mentally accept better solutions, the quantum superset is able to provide them to you. You must accept your solutions.
