# Effortless Strategy of Movement

How I define effortlessness? You can find Taoist definitions, but notice: while Taoism is my historic body of knowledge for such training, I have found each science, philosophy and religion once my path would join with theirs: based on my life experience, numerous teachings to give and receive - both enlightening you -, and little pieces of Truth about the Body and Mind, which comes from Taoist and other experience; where my father, indeed, learning enlightened masters, could give me one or another bit of Taoism - one, which would come from Cossack teachings of the Middle East. Cossack, rather than being Buddhist or Taoist, has genuine understanding of Zen and Tao: they contemplate on this truth, which dates back to their ancestry. **Herein**: I define effortlessness on my own terms, not so much Taoism, because Taoism is style without a style, practicing Taoism without Taoism.

## Effortful responsibility

Let's see some of the exercises, which could be the hardest. Pushups.

As a child, my pushups were the following: keeping legs on the ground, I stretched the whole body with pushups. Until I met an experienced trainer, who laughed about this and teached me how to keep my body straight; he told me my exercise is *wrong*.

I have received numerous western teachings about things being *wrong* or *too simple*. "Too simple" is actually the hardest - if anybody is telling this with a painful voice, notice the inner pain; most probably they do this movement once a day, week or month, but they are not so ready to repeat it even for five times. Very strong muscles get tired very easily.

If people explain you that they have "completely overcome something, which is too easy", yet they have pain in their voice: as a trainee, follow this pain and exercise the reason behind the pain. Do the reason behind the pain 5 times per day, until you are able to call it "too easy" _without any pain_. For example, many people are painfully good people: she told me she had helped the world, with a heavy pain in her voice: until she got broken, the "practical reasons" guiding her to *absolute rule to not help another without instant gain*. Giving and receiving in a mental money: while the money keeps the wheels go round, with "no-gain" or "direct activity" experiences you can see how powerfully the whole world would shift to give you something secret, something sacred, where your free energy melts "without gain" into the deeper understanding of money: it gathers meaning in infinity. Intelligently, creatively giving and receiving, intention bound to exercise to enable this - she could give with pain, and receive with pleasure; her was lacking intelligent strategy and force necessary to give, a healthy diet, exercise and daily amount of math puzzles. She learnt Buddhism, honoured this in words, but lacked the stomach and hands of Buddha, yet not understanding what is "harmony of three", for the three teachings of the East.

To get rid of pain, to not get tired, one needs to exercise, to move in agile ways: to not see the paradox or "energy" in a way that strong position, strong muscle, strong body of knowledge and understanding would ruin her morales; intentfully _good_, but with heavy hate against things "people get without effort": which people got, while she did not put effort there; fat skin is your own skin, but you need to exercise it - through exercise, the fat skin is the skin of us all.

## Getting tired

Immortality: how good this could sound as stand-alone capability, it should be seen as umbrella term of exercises, which do not get you tired. This condition of not getting tired is called effortless.

For pushups in the previous part: I studied my own pushups. To do it on chair is effortless and part of simplistic training of many western hippies; properly, they push through their medical limitations, but a strong will would get you to effortlessness.
- From my own studies, I did 10 of my classic pushups: the muscles were _dead_. To stretch your back and front, have good amount of obstacles for hands, is a whole-body exercise. These properties of getting tired are slower and remain hidden: not consciously, but in progress of things, people get the pained voice as they do it very simply, but then they feel like they want to get away. Dead muscles, once recovering, were crying for these 20 or 30 years.
- Do suggest your advanced, heavy exercise, but do not insult the exercises of others. Tell about Christ, but do not insult Shiva in the process, as he wrote much more for us to heaven. We want to know what you got - but not what you gave away.

I once knew a boy, who practiced pushups, until he could do unlimited amount of them. For me, 10 is normal exercise, 20 is heavy effort or training-period capability, and 30 is already where I have to hit something. Learning to do anything 20 times a day does not make you a professional - like me compared to this man I mentioned, I am an amateur. He is a specialist: while he could do unlimited amount of this exercise, his balance of health might not be so solid. Perhaps he could hit me very strongly.

What is his pushup strategy? You spend energy on biceps, a certain large muscle; straightness of your body, certain need for weak person or an ideal if you want to stand like soldier - well, like a waiter, like a man who needs to wait for a boat, like one who wants to talk for 20 minutes; even a politician needs to stand like a soldier, even if he would not ground so strongly, but stay a little bit flying.

How it feels to get tired?
- With 15 pushups, you might be very tired.
- With 20 exercises like this, you get tired for long time.
- With strong muscles now connected to weak endings and balancers, you are able to break your internal organs and any smaller muscle; this ability, while hard to achieve, belongs to the weak.
- Over 30 years of adulthood, you are tired of life - broken internal organs, joints in pain, long periods of weakness.

## Getting up

Well, being tired is common to humans: we all want to be that. We get the delirious feelings of instant enlightenment, envisioning ourselves running in mud and growing potatoes. With 20 pushups, you might drive a tractor, and you might beat a healthy man, but you get little bit tense when people around you are effortlessly running, and like soldiers: be it peace or war, but they still wash the clothes, cook, cooperate and remain constructive. You cannot tolerate the slow, intelligent pace of civilization, which does not create little explosion-like bursts of force, but keeps it in steady, slow movement on a very large scale (such as society or your body in it's whole complexity, even a place where you can get lost).

Unlike doing, standing is a skill, which could be achieved with constant movement of legs and body, but for more calm - it needs you to get up.

Ideal pushups:
- Your biceps is not so important at all, rather if we have balanced human being, with muscles in normal proportions, they can demonstrate their force with biceps. We don't want to get measured and we do not measure each others. While I do have biceps, it's not in the middle of my hand, like the camel with one hump; I have two of them like camel with two humps. My back muscles are very large and normally, I control hands with these - many people treat this as if it was a hump, but I do not have any problems (despite keeping little less straight as I'm long and often, I want more similar height with person I talk with). I have athletic type of body, lacking the fat, so being skinny and having those two "humps" on my hand, not on the center: the biceps is way smaller. I'm also not very straight - more flexible person would get their whole back to touch ground when lying; to stretch this, "authority muscle", and look like so many: it's not important, for me at all.
- For a little more unified body, pushups are good for muscles of the chest, hand and the back, and help you to be a little straighter.
- If you consider long-term activities and normal growth pace of each muscle, choose from pushups and do not say they are "for weak" and thus "improper". To get up - accept your weakness and do not run around the exceptionality like the night fly around the fire; I guarantee you fail with stable routine of exercise or you beat hard and die fast; notice the non-intelligent body needs good position in front of other person to beat them, and recovers for long; more intelligent body would allow you to treat others better:
 - Pushups, where you keep legs on the ground, and stretch your body, cover the flexibility and strength of whole body, and let you do enough of them to develop strength in stable way.
 - Pushups using a chair, or vertical on the wall, are an easy exercise to get the sun energy; one you feel when you raise your hands, with distance of the middle, in the morning - front muscle under the shoulder is the shoulder's equivalent to the solar plexus, and hands in upward position and wide open symbolize sun by their altitude, and freedom, creativity and openness by their distance of your own body (it's not just your own skin). Notice only a dumb person loses the ability to keep hands close to their body: if introvert abilities make shame for you, you have hardly contemplated and read; you would also fail alone in wild nature - when introverts read books, they also like to walk alone and take adventures, such as long kayak trips. Bruce Lee told to keep the corresponding muscles small, which physically disable hands near body - with relaxation training and trim / fitness training, you might remove such limitation; what if he lived over 33?

Like pushups, each exercise could be modified to have heavy pressure on a single muscle. You need to do this in confortable position such as special clothes and things, which keep your body straight; you might be unable to lift your object of exercise so much that it's not given to you by another person. You might live hard and burn fast, which is desired by many people - but does this hard life spread fast, or convince only a few?:
- You do not want to exercise a single muscle. Hands, as well as biceps, are directly connected to fingers, chest, back, and indirectly to your internal muscles. By having such extreme strength, you are not a _liberal mind_ any more: rather than tradition, it's a dogma to disallow certain movements, stay straight, keep the correct posture and prepare before heavy moves.
- You get tired from 10 pushups, and you might develop more; overall, you get tired from your long life.

Consider effortless pushups:
- You develop recovery; doing 100 easy pushups, or for instance 30 each day, you slowly progress to higher speed. With more repetition, the central muscle gets strong, and it slowly connects to external muscles. Even without my sense sharpness training of biological body, you still create a small, growing and steady tone. Unlike in Peter Pan, having a good tone keeps little things _going on_, and your hands become friends with your body - while you lose their specific curvature, especially if not having fat and tendency for rigidness, you will grow the freedom of body postures.
- You exercise the kind of tiredness of good life: instead of having your arms heavily tired, the force spreads evenly in space and time and you can enjoy balanced growth.
- The focused pushups are not in black list, but your posture and strength would grow; while you have less power of pushups for the same amount of exercise, you do not have this "inner fighter" which cannot keep straight with their little brothers, muscles which actually keep them steady in your free and changing set of postures and styles, which won't look rigid; work like a Viking: get up on the ladder, in strange position, and carry all the tools and nails on your body, then do this steadily long time.

Notice that I'm not against strong men: while I have the criticism when people are so insultive and agressive with their strength, just to fall down without any hit in 20-30 years, with a steady probability. I do not like a story where all of the people get weak, lose their flexibility and health, and die so unluckily. I like people, who tell me that this is not a practical way.

## Be careless

The rich are careless and effortful. They fall and rise instead of going steadily.

We see so many people, who care:
- They never lose their job, or important contact where they won't even belong.
- They won't come with you to forest, but they like a civilized forest paths, each step made by humans.
- When you laugh when you fall, looking your blood with eyes full of the Sun, some people think it's low. You should take medical care. When I was child, I was running with bycicles on asfalt road, and when people wanted to slow down I told them to not; well it's before I started to smoke - we went for long way very often. It was beautiful how I could breathe. I did not like boots, but the feet were in their natural condition; this means I always got some blood on my toe over time. For in this: my legs, always getting a little broken, still enjoyed the natural environment, the air, water and touch of land. I liked to play with cats and did not mind my hands always having blood from the little lines - I was a little bit an animal communicator, so I also had many games with cats and my cat walked with me, each morning, to big street before my school - around 3 bus stops. I cannot play in forest without the plants as I walk and run, the trees as I climb, and the little things under my feet could get the blood out; well with my legs still strong enough to walk on pieces of glass (well and my fingers good enough to switch off the cigarette, unless they are not in the mood - it's like fire walking, to not get burnt, watch your mood; but I don't walk on fire: I switch off my cigarettes).

One gets so many health rules related to religious traditions. I smoke, eat sugar, drink coffee, I used to sleep long: well these are physical habits, and they do not favour the easiest ways to succeed, but in school we used to say "eating is bad for your health".
- Instead of quitting the smoking, I develop healthy amount of freedom and non-addictedness - to forget the lighter of cigarette or to go out not caring this time, to sit 6 hour in library without thinking about a cigarette. I like sugar and coffe, and vitamin-rich food, but I develop skill to not care about any of those.

Life does not contain things healthy and unhealthy; rather, we seek a special comfort and let go of the goals too hard. "Hard", in practice, often means you lose the motivation for some deep reason.
- In life, there are many things to choose from. While you need to limit unhealthy activities, your body has certain speed to recover: while, for some reason, I left alcohol - altough I drink every time I want, but last 7 or 8 years it would always take effort so it's the hypothetical case -; I also almost left the drugs - when I studied the psychedelic plants and different substances, I was very alarmed about any kind of addictions; lately, it's way too interesting in the smooth realm of actual exercise, training of body and mind - my shamanistic journey.
  - Notice for some psychoactive drugs: in a realm, where you lose your ego, or yourself, you have to notice that it's very important to reach a healthy ego and recover the material chakra. While this liberal freedom of mind is important, it's not that important to not follow your mundane duties - in the end, those do not force the mind so much, but they only force the strong and trained body. You need contemplation for mental effort in the beginning, but you are supposed to bring this silence and inspiration into your everyday activity and work, otherwise you will be very inspired about standing still and doing nothing.
- In actuality: to remain healthy, you need a healthy dose of unhealthy things in your life. While trivially, these might be adventures like climbing to mount everest or jumping to water from 20 meters, for example I am not feeling so safe about each such "real" adventure. My little adventure of smoking cigarettes and drinking coffee, one which could classically lead to some nice programming code, theorem or a poem: do not think every moment of fresh air is holy, or that being sick and caughing is from Satan; in reality: watch "Effortless Action： The Art of Spontaneity (Taoist Documentary)". This states that it's not effortless to drink coffee and smoke cigarettes. Look at the woman's face with the cakes - eating this way could be seen as an insult, because eating a cake is not such a kung-fu as you could read from underdeveloped city eyes. The movie states what is wrong with caffee and cakes: you are so effortful to get heavy hit of energy. Now think of this "leaving the bad habits" contemplation - if you remove *each* bad habit, you become so rigid and effortful to get heavy hit of some energy.
 - In case you get that energy for free, just with the pleasure and comfort, you feel that you lost nothing. People who are doing "ethical effort", and want some karmic _reward_ or to be treated better; who am I to treat them better if they treat me worse? Who am I to work for them if they say my work is useless, bad for them? Your good habits, indeed, are balanced and while you get back, you won't need to point to this exercise so much; "ethical pain" when doing "good things" - why should I care that this man has better health? If he has, would not he run faster to get things before me, work harder to get better things, and leave so good impression that he never complains about his karma? Notice that it's desireable if you have pain for other people's karma, but in a Viking sense: you are a little bit annoying with your sainthood stories if you lost so much that you ask for payment from the people you could only insult.

Now, what the doctors say is not to be forgot. They most often use actual statistics, real-world evidence, and this counts very much that some habits are unhealthy.
- Notice that the *whole set* of healthy habits is very unhealthy: you are rigid, dogmatic, and you get weaker and weaker in sense that any hit of the life would hit you down. Without physical injury or real sickness I do not need medicaments, painkillers or to tell others to be quiet, avoid unreasoned physical movement such as rotating their coffe cup for half hours, or to start things suddenly and impulsively, without planning and preparations, such as "let's do it right now, right without knowing why".
 - Advanced yogis are known to drink poisons without effect; Shaolin is known to do things, which initially broke their bodies.

We are actually doing this:
- Punishing and rewarding ourselves: for example, once I had cigarette for successful piece of work, and food once I had the whole cycle. Sometimes I punish myself each time when I fail for good. Notice that older, more experienced body is still the one, which does not need negative pressure - your *growth* is to remove this kind of paradox as you fail once and again; you train to follow the Tao more closely, not to be your own officer of greed.
- Thinking you won't need a sacrifice. In cigarettes, coffee, and a cake: we make a sacrifice, but we gain something. To separate things into "good" and "bad" instead of also separating the **whole** in this way: you get unhealthy work with percentage of accidents, etc. For real, your *health needs exercise*: to exercise the health, indeed, is presuming that perfect life has nice tone of unhealthy experience, and a man rather has signs of past wounds, certain injury, than skin like one of a child and the perfect flow in the middle. In Zen, give away the zen: in practice of Golden Middle Way means that you won't have Extremely Golden and Extremely Middle Way, literally a routine for small money; rather it's a gaussian curve.

So, be careless: Train your health. At least one unhealthy habit is necessary, and it does not have to be such a big accomplishment (the most unhealthy habit is being a soldier - this is why we respect them; and the real deadly thing is to win olympic games). You can be humble and just listen loud music to have this 20 years of headache about your ears. Viking, indeed, has lost at least one part of their body - but this given, we must respect this 99% of modern Vikings, who have not. Why a Viking lost it? Well not for the most important thing of their life, which should be free [;D], but rather they lost it in a careless way, giving it away for nothing. To practice bold importance of your life and the lives of others could mean one sick thing: creativity in small things lacks the same essential element in big things. We see officials so rigid, with strict rules: but once you see stupid official coming to get your life straight, it might irritate you how a cliche from a book is coming against your own wisdom.
- From all the things in your life, which came from the small sacrifices: know that the big thing of the life is not known for you and it comes from a big sacrifice; the experience tells that this really important thing you need is the one you pay for. Even more - perhaps, the big thing is so easy but you pay for something even less known. Maybe you pay more than it's worth. It's the most dangerous, where you teach each good habit for each small thing, like the small routine of the work: suddenly, for the real important thing, you think it has to be *perfect* - after designing all this intelligent muscle and power for relaxation, once you meet the real big thing ..you just ..put the maximum power to your muscle and hit the strongest wall with your biggest strength, so strong that you do not have a single exerice for this. So sad, if you live a long, smooth life just to break yourself inside out, and fatally, at the very moment you see the then mirage of your final dream. Do not care about your final dream - for real, it comes so close, so many, but just achieve the letting go, the Zen; once it comes in half or quarter, it's smaller than you thought and full of hidden potential: effortlessly, carelessly, you take what is *genuinely yours*, you take what is *offered by heavens*, and it's nothing but a small step on your long way. You can find love so beautiful, but often you find your longest-term friends are not your ideals at all; they won't lose jobs because they think about you too much, they don't find that in reality Batman himself simply fits them better; and when they get married: their husband is not watching after you and fighting to make you never say "coca-cola" to her as a strong man is needed to buy their favourite drink. With all this beauty and ethical success, you build walls and walls about the special mountaintop - not noticing how for others, running days and days around the hills and picking potatoes is becoming effortless activity with no thought, with the soft wind and solid sunlight; you won't notice that when you still have to put expensive oils on your muscles, those people experience just a heavyly fresh feeling coming from such movement; perhaps they already train to stand still.

You develop habits to avoid what is breaking you; it's useless unless you more and more train what is breaking you.
- People, who started exercises of breath, said now they can smoke even less. It's so *cool* to tell others how you now have the bad aspect of superior skill; how you have the same disease which naturally came to big man in your favourite movie. Well with some success in breathing exercise, I had some extremely heavy moments of smoking, but with nice synergy of different things I got there: stronger lungs are *definitely more able* to tolerate smoking, up to the point where you inhale cigarette smoke into one part of the lungs, almost same time inhaling fresh air to other part, which needs it.

The riskless motion can prove each part of it by each other part, they do have money they say for good health, and they do have health for the monetary life. Your losses accumulate other losses. But you do not fear. Getting older, your "ethics" can fail: you cannot have healthy lifestyle. As you exercise unhealthy things, your healthy lifestyle can slowly appear: out from each thing becoming more healthy, such as smoking and not caughing.

Notice one thing: what I am talking about, is more a "Viking way" than a morale, it's not the moralistic end of the story. It's not a statement that careful, effortful person of steady routine must not be doing what they are ought to - rather, one can even think to exercise this unhealthy habit of having no unhealthy habits. For serious reasons, consider:
- To suggest a person to break their health is never a condition, which favours you, it's not the case that you agressively demand. In many cases out of many, trying hard to live a healthy life and steady routine helps one to keep just the balance; overall, this is the whole religion: when one needs to be sick, another needs to be doctor; when one is looking a better job, another person might be working for them.
- It's a special reward to get going, and to never stop. Carefully avoiding the dangers is relatively safe practice, compared to excess in alcohol, smoking or sugar cakes.
- For people, who care about themselves in excess ways, I feel love, but no honour. While they are strong enough to fail helping me in need, I might not join their adventure with feelings of "bold risk", rather we really talk about sugar cakes and cigarettes and not about the big things in life. The honour is to fail and let the others fail, it's the prosaistic life of nurturing the sick and the hungry; and it could be a way of a girl, who does not risk: they might have a plate of food for each day.

Viking religion is not for light, it's for dark: Odin is not going to save you if you lose your eye for no purpose; you are not a hero just for drinking yourself into death or having cancer from cigarettes. So: in this story with the Viking touch, we do not reward people for risking, for getting tired and weared, or for sugar cakes they eat.
 - Do not tell to anybody, with painful voice, that they are too good. A good girl from England, properly correct in each visible activity, vibrating the order and repeated routines of the mind; don't forget they are almost as Viking as me: look them in castles with ghosts, with Ravens flying in dark, and with meaningless spells, which sound like dark tales of the light; psychologically, whether it's the correctness or is it an irony against themselves. Is this yin to just follow the rules? In each story, there are proper diets with proper exercise, which slowly take one to an end, without "behaving like a Viking", but just being one.
 - As a regular rule, Vikings are not following the Viking religion - they could be Christian, the victorers of an apocalypsis, or they could be atheists on the victorious drive of the Science. As an owner of a willpower, Viking might live a life of good deeds, and avoid any harm: why should not it mean that?

This means: you could be paining about others, their ethics, or the way they would pain about others so much; then just take these exercises:
 - For people who are living their lives wrong, do not have pain. Having this pain, perhaps it's *fair* if you just live your life and nobody is disturbing it with choices and hardness to find; it's rather up to you if *nobody* is living theirs right - there is a religious war, to grasp the scientific truth and ethical discipline and life, but notice it's not so perfectly a war to get something from others, to get this beautiful world: train yourself, your body and mind and you start to trust the world: not because people get better, but because you get worse; it's not that they start giving it to you, but because you do not care. If you cook the sugar cake, it might become better diet; perhaps you find so much better recipes for cakes, and you find long pleasure from your own cakes. I have been misunderstood - so many people get from me the things they understand; it's so deep that perhaps it fits their perfection. Despite this, my unique nature and what a true friend really wants, is not that which is understood by others.
  - "Understanding", as well, when you hear it from an ignorant, it's not understanding particular truth, but it's the painful forgiving. While physical work means proper relaxation, preparation of mind and freedom to switch tasks, it can almost be called "creative" in this sense: good programming skill takes each so much more that in this, I might be seen not working. One would *not understand* things, which look just like comfort, just like eating what you really want, or just like unfair distribution not only of the prize, but of this very working condition: one could find so many evil reasons in why the programmers have, relatively or completely, free working times. Well for any serious, long-term effort, people *do not* understand my programming. When I was in school, we were talking about this innovation: for real, we were *insulted* and *penaltized*, girls knew we will not get them: life made me a favourite of so many girls, that it started to insult others; the girls and boys fought it to even state: where I cannot be just fine with all these girls - the way I am more humble, more yin, just *seemed* to be similar insult as just *not knowing the computer*. Now, when I'm already tired of these phones and programs, and I'm really practical and realistic in this - which would be the ideal I was pointed towards, but unlike this taught experience, this came in time; now when I'm more physical, more practical, much more giving value to all these little things they already had ..now the programmer with money is just sexy - well by giving and receiving; now when I'm not in community so much, but "informatic" is presented as if I had some kind of social buzz; but over this all: now when the phone, the device, is *sexy*. Now it's where the misunderstanding would become evident - in this phone, we see the same sugar cake, a shop for the same luxury, a way to call this very same dumb boy. And for these people, from a distance: the programmer cannot be told "not sexy" now ..but for real - we see programming companies moving to such hands, that the programmers write code as if they were taking potatoes (notice the joke: think it's an insult for the man taking potatoes. think then that you are speaking too much of insults: you exercise could be doing shit as if you was disabled by losing your legs, your exercise is to ask another person to help you to do shit, so that you could restore the discriminative abilities of your mind and your body).

# Conclusion

For whatever you give away, for the bigger good; do not think like an ethical man - do not ask for this ethics, from others, without an actual visibility of the problem. It's like trying to figure out from eyes of another person, whether they did take shower or not - rather than being careful, act when you do not have to *contemplate* on whether the consequence exists. Give away the bigger good, for a sacrifice, and for sacrifice alone just as you are taking it for the health alone, not this specific instance of health. Just as the known things fit the bigger picture, where they turn around: the unknowns do this. For real, you need to be irrationally careless, not rationally careless; even irrationally careful, not rationally careful. For the rations, the keep you stable: but the stability, it's the extreme strength, an extreme yang - the actual mastery is the actual failure, not necessarily by outer condition, but even by the inner condition.

What is effortless:
- Complain about each move which would break your organs or hit your health. Keep proper posture. But please, then, to not become rigid, serious, a man who needs to go straight and walk their way; rather be funny - little by little, hit each organ a bit, enjoy how your fingers become backwards by tension of certain position; all these dangerous things: enjoy them in the same stable manner as you avoid them.
 - This, because, you are keeping *your health*, but I am not keeping *my health*. For example, you avoid being in this position, and I do not: you keep your health very well. But then it gets reverse: while you avoid this dangerous position, it's so well; but when I do not avoid this position, it's not that I do not avoid dangerous position: it's that I do not really know this position, I can try very hard but I *can not* take these dangerous positions after all those years. Then, we are talking of different things.
 - For example, you do have this position, with a bone with a crack: the position of keeping it straight by external means and avoiding any movement. This way, you keep a very proper posture. With the same bone, with the same feeling of a crack: why do I just jump on it, make a sharp move, but avoid another one? Why I enjoy to make so sudden move, even surprising my body, to get an instant flash of pain? Notice that it's not that I do not avoid the dangerous position: it's that after all this careless life, I lost this ability to take this dangerous position; instead, the muscles in my back will get it to balance each time; the replacement muscles, bones and joints take over automatically - and the little training of my bones means I'm really addicted to this force of growth, force of the experience I feel when jumping on this bone. Moreover, it's because I can walk in risks, avoiding the danger - my experience is not so safe; then, I cannot even take your risk position, I just move in my effortless way. So many people, who notice my bad diet, eating habits and bad postures: they look so alarmed, they want to give so much to me of their advice, even forceful watch - the next best thing please, do not visit those doctors with all these little things; the statistics of how each thing breaks you is so true, so clear; with heavy smoking I can get myself caughing: but notice one thing - before telling me about the thousand things I do wrong with my health, and I assure I really do, please get this middle balance: stop the fucking nonsense of telling me of covid, of flue, of penalty of falling down; get the fuck off with your little health problems *and they way they affect me* - because *I do not understand*. I do have headaches, especially I did: but I *do not understand* what you lost and why you need the pill, because I see the road to stronger thought ..but one thing in you, then, just insults me: you see my morning problem, my unsuccessful exercise, and the death look in my eyes, to take this non-social stance of getting away from the failure. You do not understand the simple thing of carelessness: yes, in my eyes, the death is blinking, but around this death, there are *tissues*, *muscles* and *nerves* - yes I did jump from this height, yes I even got blood on my hands, yes it's this situation where one needs to rest and cure themselves ..but then why I'm leaving with saltos?

# Warning

Please notice:
- "Careless" strategy is not meaningful to the end, but must be followed carelessly. It's dangerous to impress with such strategy.
- People, who take care of themselves, are welcome and by no means evil. While sense of adventure is missing from so simple things, and sense of middle way is missing from extreme dangers and hopes: who succeeds in steady flow is not to be theoretized, but they have succeeded. To follow each healthy habit is just fine - what is not fine, is to fail with this; I smoke, but it's not about failing to reasonably leave cigarettes, it's rather about urgent sense that I get *something* from them, perhaps just some tough. It's nonsense to say that non-smoker would not get their tough from their own systems of digestion and proper nutrions, it's rather that *I do this* - where, in Viking religion, "I do this" is more true than "I ought to do this"; Viking is not about "helping others" in this sense to try to bring them on senses - Viking is even not about not doing this, or telling others to not do this, or to avoid such telling.
 - People, who really succeed in smooth and stable flow, are often the ones we owe some of our destinies (your destiny might be a freewill of another).
- "Effortless" does not mean you fail with willpower, but it rather means you wont get tired in minutes, hours and years passing.

I warn because: so many people are so serious to demand me to do things as I planned them. For things I did not plan, for things they should not stick to, for whatever reason where they care about this in my personal life; in real life we really complain about sugar cakes and we love the healthy diet: it's not about not seeing the bad and good properly in this; it's rather about expecting the good and bad properly in life. I give honour for you if you do not smoke, not so much for smoking - but the way I expect honour from you, is rather the middle way than the expectation for you to be "perfect"; you fail in thousand things, just to provide me a thousand and one.

# Follow-up

For programming work, while some simple things can be done in routine - one of meetings, talking, searching the manual and writing code, notice about this modern work:
- Computer is able to store more information than anything ever in this material realm. The complexity needs not the level of creativity of washing the dishes; in washing the dishes, you change positions and you have some variance of activities, also you pay some attention to what you do and you learn some. Thus, in washing dishes, we talk about each requirement, such as being creative, relaxing for a while, and learning from those better than you, also you take vacations and free days. In complexity of computer, you do more than this.
- Tasks, initially, are hard to grasp. One gets anxiety and needs to relax, think, contemplate / meditate; each task is unforeseen water for the doer. Not because each task is new and unknown, but more practically - because of code reuse, OOP, refactoring etc.
- We need to take inspiration. 5 minutes per day, in normal typing speed, is what is necessary for the primary physical work: to write an amount of code a normal programmer does. The rest in testing, trial executing etc. - the capable is doing much of it in their mind, and the incapable is not doing it at all.
- The rest of mind: a person with physical goals with not much complexity is able to tell you that your mind does not need so much rest. I assure: my mind does not need almost no rest at all, if I solve tasks on complexity level of those people, rather to be honest - I feel extremely bad if they come to solve "problems" for me, with all the buddhist and intellectual training well I don't solve those problems particularly *better*: what makes this ironic, I don't solve them *at all*. For example, I do not get chocolate cake today: while some people might be angry if they don't and some people come to me with emotions, solutions, certain tension for which they expect reward. Basically, I do not know how many chocolate cakes I need per day, or each monday: I do know in general, how much chocolate cakes I would need for month, what I do if I do not have them, which people to choose to have them, and how to get my mind calm after all. I ask for a cake, that person in service does not hear, or even pretends not hearing: they walk away. People look at me as if I failed, it looks like pity, they even fail me in general: it's goodness, caring; it's the responsible way: they see my low responsibility, and my exchange with them might be over, perhaps it's never a communication any more. Well if I ask a chocolate cake from you, it's not about the chocolate cake: sometimes I'm curious about what you woud answer or whether at all, sometimes I thought it would be nice to get those cakes *half* the times I ask them, sometimes I just respond to that annoying girl who is irritating me already half hours with obvious message that I do not understand that you are my friend. I ask you just because I listen, not necessarily because I want to believe - for me, the case that *you just did not give me a chocolate cake, despite me and everyone had a little reason to expect that*, this case is *not important at all*. I understand that heavy people are ready to fight for each chocolate cake they asked - in a cue of people, where many people are, like hungry ghosts, fighting for each position further (here the poor muslims sometimes fight this as if it was the matter of life) - I do not fight about each such position, rather I have *time to give and to receive*, and I take care to eventually reach there. I would have free 3 or perhaps 20 minutes if every risk falls together - but I'm a risk-taker, not a risk-giver, so why should I fight for my chocolate cakes "like a man", eating them "like a child"? I fight for *some* of the chocolate cakes, sometimes unpredictably, because it's really the last cake of my life: perhaps, you suddenly lose all my respect and I do not know you any more, perhaps I now know my price. It's not that the price does not exist. It's rather this: you think I care of you, your muscles and intentions, too much so I don't ask the cake; in reality: I just do not care to fit with you, I rather care to understand, why people give me chocolate cakes [at all]; for example, are my reasons similar?

# Protecting the Viking

You might ask, knowing this Vikingized bit of Taoist "over the yin and yang": how do Vikings protect their religion?

Correct answer: not at all.

The matter is: to Viking is to Vici, to Vici is to win. One devil might get you sharing your bread: the whole hell cannot make you win. They won't even understand, what you want to win. I see something like a Victory - I see it even in these losses and wounds, in the stories, which won't end good. This could be my Victory to do this or to tell this; your Victory is already another thing. To beat a Victory to another person: it simply means, to win for them, yourself.

Viking, rather - they become what they believe. Like everybody else, Swedish just became Christian crusaders, that's it: if, in the name of War, they found war of Christ, and in the name of Peace, it just led to Peace; then for the civilization is convincing, then where it could be led or lead? They became respect to religions and sciences, just like it always was; they become to refound their inner nature - the nature of understanding the Victory. Our fairy tales of little victories, compared to big victories of religions: like each religion tended to join Buddhism or Christianity; to win is not to win others - it's not to do it differently. To win is not what Vikings did believe it is, for we died; for so many could teach us, what the Win is. Is Win just Win-Win or is it so far from us?

This way we do not necessarily protect the Viking culture, but we try to build better culture. The north, now, respecing the religions, sciences, nations and races, different kinds of work and lifestyle, is like a capital of an Empire; and each empire is with a special skill, so that they can co-exist - Swedish just call their corporations "empires", even if it's all lately of less success ..it's rather the question: if we learn each other thing, and we get experienced, and we get stronger: do we find our own old culture in regards to all these new terms; does it happen that by new means of fight and victory, it's still about **becoming better**?
