# Five Bodies you have

Each of us is both mortal and immortal.

# Four bodies

## Immortal Bodies

### Absolute Body (Logecs Prover in my new case)

Here, you have body-shaped body of theorems, which you can sense in same area as your physical body. You prove theorems, as they become a part of so essential you that this wave pattern generally keeps it's properties; in your own logical paradigm, you create this theorem, and it will be active automata for much longer than you live. When you are dead, you are not infinite machine, but finite machine, which lives way longer: this machine will rebuild the next calculations for you.

### Automate Body (Reactor Logex in my new case)

This is an automata reacting your structure forever.

## Mortal Bodies

### Material Body

This is the material structure of you. It's your body of how it's seen from outside, but can also be contemplated on: outside, the reaction aligns to visible signs and structures rather than inherit meaning. For many, this body might resemble a 3D structure - physics in 3D realm.

This dies with you.

### Biological Body

This is the body of your concept. In this body, your growth, reactions, intents and senses all make sense - you feel yourself as a biological organism. 3D realm, here, is a simplification: your moves are related to what they do, such as grasp or give, and your body cannot form 3D movement in free space, but the positions are complex relations; they are rather symbolic, goal-oriented and mechanism-based, which means it cannot be so simplified. For example, your fingers do not move freely, each, in 3D space, but rather you move some conceptions and your fingers relate to each others, as well as their activities - for example, taking a thing with thumb and index finger would not use muscles for both moving them in direction of each other, but the muscle directly connects two fingers and creates a grasping force, thus following the function and not neutral coordinates.

This kind of body, thus, must be learned through more complex, irrational understanding, and not the base physical and chemical spaces. This structure of space appears naturally to us.

## Semi-mortal bodies

Dream body: while it's mostly present, the dream body in our dreams or the bhumi body in the bhumis, it's kind of immortal. Despite this, it can not remember it's stories very well, and shifts from one history or shape to another, also it's not very rigid to keep our ethical structures and given patterns. Shamanistic time had people, who best expressed their lives as floating around in dream bodies, appearing to different realities, doing something to disappear - they did not give much meaning to each of the realities, and were serious about the current reality, but not with strong grasp to it's metaphysical essence: rather thinking, naturally, that they would grasp different realities and cling to better ones.

This body, by Tibetan system, must be trained for persisting ethics; Buddhas first tenet of immortality was to train this body into permanent existence, where it has a story "over the stories" - by solving the karmic chains into dharmic vibrations of life, one brings truth down to more essential levels, covering their parts, identity and reality with same vibration of truth: and as it's getting deeper, it would vibrate along with realities of each of our existence.

Etheric body reminds of element of ether, or space.

# Sensations

Simplest view of reality of sensations is that wave of logic necessarily creates sensations:
- Pleasure is the relaxation of changing causation, or breakage of logical theorem of our more possible structure. Resolving karma, and creating more unified theories and theorems, satisfies these pleasures to more common reason, where they can emanate through our lifetimes, societies of people and histories of societies, vibrating through the essences they emerged from. We can color this white or black.
- Pain is the logical impossibility and inability for full life. We can color this black or white.
- They emerge in myriad of patterns, where we have many colors.

Notice that as you develop muscles, initially they show force - later they get colors, meanings into their actual purposes and duties. They come as black and white, but then get may colors - see the song "Say my name, where every color illuminates", by Spectrum.

We can assume such simple reality where such sensations float around. As they recognize themselves as deeper causes, they get identities - functions over eternity, where this condition is still emerging.

Buddha, talking a lot about reincarnation, finally states: all that is, is reincarnation of karma. From this - we should relact about reincarnation of "ourselves", and melt into eternal flows of karmic consequence and dharmic release or float. Dharma, which some call "good karma", is the reason to exist beyond Nirvana for many of us - for Buddha made the infinite finite, his state might have resolved; for many in rather Mahayana, we go on and on by this *better principle*, the weight lift of logic of our existence: rather than releasing our core problem or initial sin, of not having to be this, in *dharmic principle* there is an *opposite* of such contradiction, which keeps us *active*. Karma, or "bad karma", is the principle to get rid of this obstacle: it's made solely on conflicting logic, inherent impossibility, and it's the sin itself; on imaginary scale, we say it's "time before zero" or "time before center of time", our personal time, where we have some pressure and want release of it: unconnected logical consequence of our resolving experience of karma is keeping us in chains to resolve certain, repeting problems coming from our "initial sin" or the lack of coherence in initial Universe. Enlightenment is reach to theorems, which will surely resolve it some day, as it reaches our core: it simplifies into our form and starts to resolve.

We say, in this simplified view of Cosmos, that all experience exists, and either by identity, common traits of life, or our initial cause or condition to resolve, we want to share this life force with societies, future generations or reincarnations of ourselves; we want to see it where our seed is. Evolution makes the past generations to seek this in future, and provide a better opportunity for those, who resolve it. This karmic cycle of consequence, then, is flowing as an energy *through everything, what feels*. While we have sensations of meanings, sensation-like essence appears already before meanings: core automata to resove basic consequences, the physical machine, might feel those local disturbancies, which are related to local calculation, as tension and release and colors of their interactions; a real release eventually coming as evolution passes infinities or infinity time scale, is real vibration of tension and it's release, and the concentration of it might well be along with emotional qualities.

Then, whatever we give meaning to, must be some kind of karma:
- Is this reincarnation and bounding relations to other spirits.
- Is this how we take the goals of our ancestors, much like old reincarnations, and work for future generations, like the future reincarnations.

In these possibilities we see karma is aquired from the past, and presented to the future. These cycles create strong energy chains and thus, if they are not, become essential in our interactions. We are reflections of cosmos and if this inner cosmos breaks, aligned with our activities, the fish starts revolting from the head: it's not a flow in easy direction if you are broken in relation to the whole, and the parts.

What Buddha states is importantly this: when we ponder on questions of material or spiritual immortality, we ponder on things weak to reason. Having so many consequence, we cannot say any of them is so deep: the whole experience, which exists in reality, is related to karmic chains and causation, given from past to the future; for our identity might connect it, as the same experience relates to same complex or association, through similar structure and benefit in karmic cycle; whatever we are, whatever the others are, it's all about how we relate to these karmic chains. Moreover, in this symbiosis of Life, Microcosm and Macrocosm, this experience floating around those karmic structures is such that to empower can be to empower, as energy of each is growing they form fractals, wholes, opposites, and finally the energy of one is to energy of another: rather, energy of me is not weakness of you, but every person, to become empowered, must be part of empowered whole. This means, while reincarnation, by Buddha, might be childish to our Zen sense of Emptiness: coming from so various reasons, the seek for personal eternity is philosophically weak; we don't know the reason for *ourselves*, the reason to *be that again*.

By Buddhas general thoughtlines: something is reborn, we might think, but what is us? "What am I?" We could create a personality based on this life, and it might be possible that such personality is not given rebirth - by our ego state, we still identify ourselves through this. Looking at the future of this, there might be permanent death. We might go deeper to our reasons and causes, and meet much more essential principles: this person is deeper, but we we necessarily feel it's ourselves? We might lose connection to our memories, as we do not serve this self any more, or as we structure from seed or in life, different mentality and it's not aligned with the thoughts of that other - we do not have associations between lives, or deeper truths. Causations we do for others create sensations that we are born as those others, where we live through those causations; or in certain meditations or satoris we suddenly feel being all life, or all of our kind, such as all women. Identity cannot even tell, are we part or the whole.

What Buddha saw: this causation is emerging in the Cosmos, and forming numerous patterns and alterations of change. It's the karmic web and it encompasses everything. Once and again it gives rise to sensory experience. It might be sensation of the whole, sensations of it's individualized parts, or sensations like waves in the ocean, coming and going - it's a big complexity, here, to say "who am I" and "whether I will be reborn". Like God, in Buddhism, also we, in Buddhism, are beyond this conception of existance and non-existance.

What we can say is that to give good deeds to this web of causes and effects creates more good deeds, and such virtuous goodness just produces virtuous goodness - so we are ought to let free about where this sensations comes from, to who it belongs, and what is the pattern, which repeats, or the nature of each wave; rather, in this freedom, where we do not know whether we are, we see that the natural flow of giving this a better causation, better experience, will be it's best to float through our causes and effects. What we valuate, always comes back to these waves more us, or more like us, to care about ourselves, and those other waves, to be ethical and care about others: once we get lost in this, we still understand the proper behaviour, and we understand that what has this pain to exist, will exist - this is faith -; so if our identities really form this pain in reality, to exist as persons, they rather do. Belief is to try to say what is, and then to believe in this: faith, rather, states that there is a deeper reason, and this will come.

So we relax from Spiritual and Material immortality, and we just want our health, good experience, and to positively feed this causation of the whole: we cannot grasp, what in this matter is for us to care for, but we create this positive wave to help our essence and the tensions of reality would resolve.

To grasp this deep theory of Buddhist reincarnation, one can benefit to learn the simpler, and for me the more probable version: that very often, with deep contemplation to find ourselves, we find that this principle is rather a repeated pattern than single wave; and that the activation of the same person's mind will lead to activation of the same complex in universal mind: as we be more essentially ourselves, relating our experience to our core being and the universal core being, our memories and resolutions of karma will be constantly associated with this complex, and we, our minds *being* that complex, will often enjoy the same aspect of being of the Mind; the same complex in the global Mind. Still, we provide numerous changes and transformations into this, and there is some melting and dividing of personalities, and some confusion around "identity".

# Immortality

Enlightenment about our reincarnation turns us rather to Spiritual Immortality. It's the very basic form of immortality and kind of the only one we have - we turn our lifespans longer, but in consciousness of the whole reality, we accept a natural death.
- Shamanistic version, or the one in "Little Prince" or "Seme from Amacem", is a continuous dream - we start fighting somewhere, but as in computer game, there is sudden "wake-up" and we are in another place, doing another thing. In this essence, multiple things happen between death and life, reincarnations and nearby states, we can experience dream body, which is like body in bhumis, and bhumis merge into lokas; we bring back the soul of another, which could be by finding their right place: in such form of immortality, one has lost the blur line between death and a dream, but instead little clips of reality are switching. More civilized nations wanted to be more grounded, and starting from religions like Christian, each single life is very important and not a thing to waste. This view has propagated all over the world and we cannot, like a Shaman, just carelessly jump from one life to another.

Civilization, a human, even the whole reality in it's whole reincarnation (see Hinduism, or Rudolf Steiner of reincarnation of big, physical systems, such as the Cosmos as a safeguarder of our "single reality" - I call those accelerations into infinity, where new octave of light is born and that vibration, while the past time will fall above the ground and still we see the skies upwards, means a new octave is born to raise of energy levels and thus, without dying, we are born into another reality - as it's later than anything before, the memories are coming back from Schroedinger field as the multifrequency time is passing, in case it's on proper numeric axe - the time -: we can see how the linearity is lost; as in Turing or Liars paradox, the past logic operation will move into past in time: when the results change their predispositions, we deposit into another thing and use multiple axes of time; this axe is so mathematical that if there are no fatal obstacles, the nature would easily slip into following the base mathematical laws either by simulation or emulation, or by reality - whichever comes first). Civilization, a human, even the whole reality in it's whole reincarnation is constantly passing by on numerous axes of time: from it's Mind - the Cause of themselves in surrounding relalities - it's born into metaphysical idea or pressure to exist, and in that scope is born the mind and mental or dream body, our mental DNA. The mental DNA must plug into physical as a twin - it's reincarnation must be synonymous to development of a new organism, which can melt into it's own code of Mind. Our Minds can reincarnate when we are living: we lose our past track, and / but find a new one.
- Civilization, a human, even the whole reality in it's whole reincarnation is born from Mind or it's call from reality, where should he integrate this, it becomes Mind. It gets a "mental machine", a code to existence, where each of those things, anything reincarnating, is partially like a machine: guided by the instincts. Imagine like you have the idea, but the nerve system actually turns it into an energy - in nerves, rather than getting an idea, you process it into material energy, for example able to interact with the muscle. You need strong body for materialization of your mental idea: body represents the element of matter, which is resistance to change, even a good change, but at the Mind there exists a bigger subject.

# Irrationality of Material Logic

Material world, essentially, is without any basis if it's not happy from results of it's intent: it's direction must align with it's least tension. This kind of "goal-following" principle, where the matter actually calms down as it reaches it's direction, aligned with principle of imperfection or incompleteness as I state in math: where there might be more basis for satisfaction in a mental imagery, which is produced as the life is emerging or before, we can practically and empirically measure whether the physical forces, without other forces always in consideration, take directions where matter calms down. It's quite intuitive, what is "calming down", so we can see - material reactions, on most general basis, move matters in directions, where it calms down.

Incompleteness or imperfection is in the case that it's also an emerging entropy, a current of changes, which by their random influence, habit or intelligence emerging in animal, and creativity in human life, or slowly as it shifts from organic matter to unicellular to multicellular life and civilized life. Changes given by evolution in early forms are either present together, or activated by will, in higher forms of creation.

Logical causation in matter has circular definition, as both are on level of basic principles:
- Whatever the matter is directed into, locally or on lower vibration - where energy is physical movement of matter, change from one condition into another, or the repeated change inside a condition; and more globally or totally on higher vibration - the emerging patterns will get fixed into closed karmic chains; as the positive karma of relaxation or equilibrum of matter is able to reproduce itself, such reactions become common and influence the solid states of matter. Particular atoms develop molecular complexity, with early signs of life-like qualities such as keeping their presence.

As in evolution: we do not see logical circumstance appear in one step, as a continuous, singular physical principle such as any force or matter in general physical formula; solid forces, such as gravity, appear solid and continuous, where the physical, material, chemical paradigm could formulize them, and a person would directly grasp them with little work on their simple senses. Logical circumstance, however, is not visible in one step, smooth curve of time, in evolution, but rather in it's most indirect results: thus, it's flexible, chaotic and appears rather as a pattern than as a physical reality.
- Matter, then, is empty: it's a reaction, which covers a fushion of logical meanings and realities, and falls into abstract vibrations and circulations able to fulfill the logical constraint, as well as their own logical constraints of physics.

Necessarily, then, the mental laws, which relate to base logic, are mostly appearing in patterns - logic can "get enough" or "run out of energy" on non-systematic basis considering the very predictable movement of base matter itself.

Logic is the closing force of the cycles of motion and it's evolution or acceleration: where it accelerates towards certain change, the logic appear slowly as we watch the resistance to it's current disposition and the emergence of more stable patterns. Logic and matter produce one another through such laws.
- As the logical reason is what has the most fundamental pain and pleasure, even in matter itself with it's simple rules it's that "simple logic" itself; I think the emotion of life will basically come from this property: as the logical causation creates more stable logical structures with ability to reflect, such as humans, the stable logical reason aligned with it's physical causation to appear, will get the degree of infinity: in infinity, the paradoxes of life get linear matters and become conceivable. In this paradox one starts to help others, think of peace and love, etc. They solve basic mathematical problems, but vibration of this infinite aspect is the sense of life: sense of automation is that of proving and executing a theorem, and sense of pre-evolutionary pre-stable chaos, which appears in metaphysical precondition or physical past, is the sense of pain or coldness, where each painless thing accelerates and each painful thing slows down, and where the primitive topology of this structure seems cold and frozen, and good vibrations are those, which emerge new and more complex, creative patterns to warm up this life. What warms up is common to a very basic property of life.

Past was cold and the future is hot.

In my cognition of time, I give you one hypothesis, which seems so internally logical for me:
- When time started, it was very cold and very slow. In eons, only a particulars of constructive energy, one which is in free flow for now, made a little movement. Conservation of Matter and Energy could have been, perhaps even a life, but it was like a non-differentiated or non-"individualized" muscle: bound to repetitions and solid patterns, similarly to having not enough entropy. This was "before infinity".

I think there is a dot, a smalest particle of our information, and not material, Universe: this started from infinitely small size, and is growing. One dot needs to be infinity-size, in it's own terms, to touch the other dot: what I call center of time, associating it with 2013 as I like myth, or events in this decade, is that one energy dot had grown as large as infinity, and in whole-dimensional space of our density, dots melted together; mathematics of infinity to resolve certain paradoxes appeared in "infinite minds" of collective enlightenment to appear. We see this was later fuzzed with primitive desires, which hurt the very basis itself - as the karmic circles grow together, this effect is naturally fading away and the closed circles are those, which are realistic. "Which", in this bad sense, is not a practicioner of shamanism: it's a person, whose circulation of energy starts to raise into this infinity-sense, grows until they become a sensitive, being expressed all the highly needs, but in this stadium they might start to count the finite, the money and power and ethical advantage of having helped others: their sensitivity is still given the information above, but in their own circulation; the evolutionary process and neglection of precognition, such as connecting numerous karmic chains and letting them evolve into good and bad karma; we grasp the experience and the actual material force: similar to one of Capitalism, where the money circulates for some time, but then prefers those, who have met the ends with the ends: the shit is again turned into the soil so that we also produce energy to from the end, to the beginning, whether it's not much worth to us.

I think each infinity we can project, we eventually meet: in sense of particular infinities, even of abstract qualities, will be met by time governed by principles, which might not be involved in particular speed and direction of this time. You might be counting days, and approaching infinity, which is starting from point already further than the countable days - you exist in time, where this does not exist, but the nature of "counting numbers" is then more metaphysical, eternal in the last sense: out of sudden, this point in time is achieved, and your past infinity is just time to time vibrating it's moments - but logically, it can resolve those higher infinities.

Consider: time is multidimensional, like space. This happens in Liers or Turing's (Halting) paradox. This paradox is: when you reason time into it's logical end, what you get will alter it's initial reason; so in sense of initial reason, another kind of time is passing - if "time" can be measured in circulation of causation, to mathematically model it, or to have any sign of it in physical and logical space, we need such multidimensional modelling. We can find out that by one reason or another, future condition would influence the past - in the simples way, as time reaches infinities and thus even the evolutionary factor of harmonic vibration will also resolve the future condition.

As time was less intense in the past: we can go backwards in exponential factor, where we meet R² time - "real number" infinity of moments form infinities, and there is "real number" infinity of these infinities themselves, each representing an Universe or Cosmos born and died. R² is a factor for logic to resolve and this relation already comes from how I define the infinity - you could give different definitions, and altogether get different paradigms resolving into different conditions. Anyway, large enough time factors towards infinity, where space appears from repeated patterns rather than melted space, we can still find large systems and enlightened souls, because even zero energy, if we go enough time backwards, has produced long histories, but slowed down. However, future is the carrier of main energy - mathematically, growing dot of energy will get new and new qualities, as it resolves naturally and in accordance to what we call "sensible"; it's future-cognition, synchrony and synchronicity, and all other good properties would grow, and this is in mathematical instances, where powerful reacting dot produces multidimensional forms; those are like symbols: they remain producing such quality in higher and higher degrees.

Each of us can live in different "time", so presented here in their "past reincarnations", some of now, some of future or that part of future, which is not unknown - by Schroedinger field principles. We emanate this logic and we see each others in different positions to us, even if it's not exact copy of past time or exact prognosis of future time. This type of vibrational, "surrounding" world is entangled naturally into our physical laws, where time is passing forward and there are many bodies in causal world: the way we enter this reality creates also "individual realities", which work just like dreams. Let's call this introphysics and extraphysics: extraphysics, if not from any other reason, is from the reason that it's practical to imagine our lives like this, and practical to reason we have some association to our personal stories, and circulation of energy, which produces local, global and subparticle "free will", ability for precise self-determination in regards to many variables, where the external world is still unknown; free will, as one basis of it in physical world, resolves network of interdependence so that free variables appear for it's parts: while you are part of complex web, you are given some personal variables like money and individuality, which matter to you, and become free will. The rest of free will is related to your actual direction and appears in infinity, in larger infinity.

In Taoism, immortality is related to health and longevity.

It's accomplished in such way: if death is pathology, each death is accomplished with actual health problems you could possibly cure. Then, if you cure your health problems, you approach health, by this longevity: but you also approach immortality. If certain balance of come and go becomes above zero, at that point death becomes an accident; with more enlightenment into relations to external world, when it becomes over zero, even external causes become accidential. This is the natural development of cures: so, a Taoist cannot really say they *exclude* immortality from potentials, because any kind of death to appear, in process of generating heat, might dissolve into evitable cause; each reason for death could be reached by other means. Necessity to rejuvenate by evolution of species and rebirth of the body might be the fatal goals for death, and if you are going "in straight line", where the reality is bending and changing direction: your new presence comes from this, as your primary reason needs to give you rebirth; the life itself is being enjoyed by relaxation of causation of this mindful reason, and without such relaxation appearing from your physical existence, you deeply do not feel life - as the causes disappear, indeed the deeper will inside you would desire a new life, not the continuation of the old. This cause is also a part of larger causation of Cosmos, which gives reason even to your identity itself - in deeper and deeper reasons, while your continue your routine existence, your cause itself has moved; then, you would be like a zombie: while your body can be fit, your life source has another structure and the causal vibration of your body does not animate it at all. Then, it has the urge for a new body, and consequently the old body does not have material connection of life, but it's just a bunch of organic matters, such as molecules. This means: Tao is the surrender, the change as the condition is changing; meditation on your mind, a deeper reason, such as Buddhist or Christian meditation, is the conditioning of yourself based on the change in this cause; once you master this, your removed the *reason* from your death. To stay fluid is to stay young: energy of youth is good, and does not require any reincarnation theory, of how you make a rhythym with flow of creatures like you, consuming the past karma and producing the future karma, and dividing them into groups, one of those "you"; how your *reason* dissolves, by mortality or reincarnation theories, always matters as this resonance of your common causes and personal character to persist into the future, is like protecting your self in reincarnation. Each of this must be rejuvenated: for any reason at all, this makes to stay youthful, to resonate with the new not just the old, and to grow into apparent reason as your resolve your old. Immortality is the lowest probability fact, because there *are* clear reasons: the material reasons we have. Distinctly, the direction of health and longevity *is* the *direction* of immortality: thus, to express our ideals, we use the terminology of immortality.
