# Becoming: a reincarnation of God

If the essence below, is the essence above, this is the reincarnation of God.

You can be reincarnation of any Natural Force: imagine that quantum superset in it's general, metaphysical absolute direction, is embodied fully in you: only a few technical steps divide you from being such force.

What is God's reincarnation, avatar, prophet or follower?

If you are function of bigger function of society, the society is your whole mirror: you are but one of a thousand pieces of the broken mirror. If this mirror is silent, it would point to the same spot in infinity, as God, if it's the mirror of whole: it's a part of the Hologram and cannot be the same quality with absolute Whole; you can compare it to it's frequencies. It's very dependent on which Natural Principle you follow, do determine it's proper strength and nature - what I describe here is so much mathematical that you can find precise measures by mathematical means.

Animal Society, then, would also point to the same direction with God.

Universe would do the same.

Natural Laws would resolve into their vibration, and by mathematical gravity: they are stretched around it deeper reasoning, creating coherence of mathematical synchronicity.

By mathematical synchronicity: forces of math grow together, into a dream, when they resolve not only themselves, but each other force.

Infinity of the Metapast: as each infinity is preceded by infinity, while the total energy and syntropy of the current past is evolving over time; there is always a preceding infinity, which must have some energy and even intelligence at all - the A.I. algorithm is too easy for the fatal variables not to have some intelligence as a causal force or Natural Force. It can be a combination of several forces: each Fatal Force must be True in solutions of each other force, and that in the combination I of complete presence of each, having each combination i_n of them as a subset. There appears a metavariable, which never began, or even learnt the right place to begin - materialize - it's necessary aspects; in the essence of math "infinity of preceding time" for each time creates a metavariable with strong determinance to some basic deductions, "infinite time" or metatime, "before the time even began": this holds to past for any given time, and can appear to have structure of actual past, such as ourselves being reborn many times until we gather some experience, and manage to pass it out from the potential field, which would help us by essence. This can be seen as true if Quantum Superset is combining actual alternative realities; and Schroedinger's field has freedom of combination outside reality: mathematical forces are here strong to let the past to interact; for example, we can connect different timelines to be our actual past, as we find out details and those materialize the chosen pasts into our timeline.

We need to produce such outcome: we learn skills we would learn on our actual timelines, and we create a character, skill and potential, which into the future (and it's past) would create able and complete quantum potentials. We kind of solve the quantum field: we behave in each part of it, and can enter those parts as the paradox-time is passing, the imaginary unit of time of potentials arising in you, and the reality changing towards it in circular, spiral-like movement; for example, if we do not have this experience, we decide to take certain direction on the quantum field, but our direction always follows the development of events in this imaginary time - on each appearing timeline in virtual reality of quantum superset, we vibrate between whether the event has taken place, and as it get's used to it's end results, we have to update the algorithm; finally we make sure we gained the experience in the material world, which is more or less permanent as long as we are humble (keep Sinus); we now have several dimensions of time, and it's very important how each timeline solves it's surrounding positions in their relations, such as in regards to itself on central axes and it's own position in regards to some more absolute or fundamental positioning, such as in regards to reality on excentral axes of infinity. It's useful that each quantum field is doing business in potential field, each rising, but at the same time they need to be our oracle and resolve very complex dependencies; the ugliest ones we measure indirectly even on quantum field.

God, then, must be trialled by Nature and History, whether they are naturally aligned with the direction above. Whether their direction into infinity is that exact spot, is determinant to their Godliness: by paradox of identities, and their frequential relations even in mathematical space - Shiva, then, has a childhood dream about how he killed false Shivas in a special Bardo, between the Dreams. Each Dream is one reality and this Bardo is like a Shadow Realm, where he sees the mistakes in him to not be borned as him. In process of materialization, the Shivaness becomes deeper - the Essence resolves into Matter; where the Religions Meet, being the incorporations. The religions would melt into Cultures, then, into friendly World. For the whole Universe, this is a metaconstraint: each horizon has more beautiful horizon behind, and even the final, fatal chakras, such as the Root and Crown in response to the exteriors, they generate their energy rather than reminding in a static still.

What those Chakras do as you are born into your personal God, infinity which God would meet as He meets You; but which only you can properly calculate; as a special calculation of your own nature, acceleration of a natural force, you then inspire God, but you inspire the World:
- Root: as you open the Root in this level, you begin to vibrate the Natural Laws. Natural Laws are not static and final, but as evolution completes, it transcends into actual reality and disappears, it's now able to resemble some symbols or forces, but not any more it's original arguments or preceding, free-formed patterns of Matter. Precognition of Root is what you know before your Spiritual and Material Birth: your own infinity, as well, has infinity before beginning of any infinity backwards, and you always found your essential Truth as much as you could be a congruation algorithm, in regards to all the Natural Laws.
 - See yourself and your Soul as a Fractal: fractal dimensions mean you can be your race with racial memory, your soul family, your self etc. In different ways, karma - the resolution of something united - will pass in time. You ask whether the Universe itself would get this "your experience", whether the experience, written into the Stars and Stardust, would fluctuate more strongly some material and mental solution process: your quantum tensions are definitely resolved in evolution of matter and molecules, but how much these processes slowly grow nerves, to resolve also the spiritual, more-dimensional patterns.
 - In your Nature, and it's fractal superposition with other Natures, you have your karmic laws and you grow them together with similar realms to yours; you build your Cosmology.
- Chrown: as you open the Chrown in this level, you give rise to your own Universe. You are the center of it and everything happens in your own Universe - still, it is interdependent to others. You need to fixate the longer and longer infinities, to be born closer to God-being, and the progress on this route into the ultimate future, possibilities which later become so permanent; as future is bigger than any constraint, and each infinity will appear once as each infinity of the future certantly approaches you; as you go into higher acceleration factor - each time appears, even if the cycles of previous times and infinities are not over. Getting so straight means everything you meet will also be in your Space element as you choose your distances; still you don't want others to go away. In your Universe, the Free Souls can decide not to be born: it's less like they do not exist, but more like you do not exist. As you vibrate your *karma* through all the resonance, you surely get it to vibrate your own Universe: how the Universe, and the Space, to connect and separate you, will vibrate together all your karma. But others can shine light in between, and your Oracles can never do this: they show you the final version of things, and you use it anyhow; the reality surely changes, and your time is past. You can eat an oracle-food, but each you taste and digest, becomes into something new; so the oracle is not an oracle, but ever-passing time. By ponegation, you set the oracle facts in regards to each other, which can be like poetry of I Ching and Tarot, or even Astrology; not like this, here you make this poetry on your direct senses: notice, even the final theorem can decide to go away once you know it, if it's the theorem of Devil; devil alone actually spies on you, about where you see them, and then hides to another place - devil is the mathematical factor, where you did not catch the root cause, but intermediate causality. To catch such mathematical devil, you create a Sinus: slowly, you gather experience about this; to gather experience at all, then, becomes a superpower - mathematical Truth would betray you each time it's a Truth about devil, a mathematical beast which comes from so many solutions that if you resolve some of them, you fall into an illusion. Then, it's your loan-reality, a wicked whitch reality of wishful thought. Your wish needs to be balanced, in half, into earlier and easier walk on your complex paths, where recognition of the shadows deepens - they slowly resolve into more realistic conditions, than imagination that they do not exist because it's your own Reality.

So the Root is Natural Law, and the Crown is Natural Reality.

Holy Spirit, I believe, is an Oscilloscope, a Mosaic: as a Spirit, it's not born into one person, but kind of many; in it's lifetimes, she is constantly changing a mask and becoming another girl; much like Agents of Matrix, she can become almost any girl. It's dependent on which level you see, but when God is an Ideal, a Metaforce, Holy Spirit is the Matter, the Nature Itself. Thus, to awaken to matter is rather a Kundalini, physical awakening, where you become your own Natural Law, than Classical Awakening, where your Mind becomes clear and you rather see the Ideal, becoming your own Reality: ironically, while the Reality is very high, the Material World simply isn't real. It's a contrary to Material World being very Real, but your Reality being a low one - what you call achievable is quite a low shot.
- Christian version: Holy Spirit is seen most easily fall on Holy Sisters; a woman most easily, sometimes, embodies the Holy Spirit.

We can set up such Trinity:
- Father God is the Faithful Essence, your Higher and Higher Projection of Reality: in the Future, it would grow into each Infinity, in your own pace, but also by Natural Characteristics so you rather find a quantum clock about how Entropy is Evolving. Entropy affects you that way: you are in Fractal Field, whose Entropy is Raising, so a chaotic aspect of your movement is Rising in a Process, where you solve more and more complex "visuals" or realities of the field; over time, you resolve more and more complex realities with your body, whose complexity is one average of bodies, whose entropy is growing - you are not outside this process. The metaphysical capability is growing, but any unnotice capability will influence your relative timeline into whether you moved further in Infinity. When, at Infinity End, you pass your Eternity Point, Immortal Life of Spirit, each changing phase, and "You" is not limited to any condition of Self, but to the Life of Cosmos, where you raise the Karmic Quality of your vibration; existing fields finally produce rise into All That is You, especially as the energant fields will each create the productivity of give-back; this happens by your Essence, as well as each of your Matters on various planes. All of the Physical Matter and Fields, even Fields of Attention, Awareness, Consciousness or Sensations of Body; wherever they appear, your karmic work can be Ascending to all this, and everything benefits in Thank-You which can be identified as You (Matter - Buddhist gives back by identities) or Like You (Mind - Christian gives back by essence). Identities of each person and force, or the essential qualities, come back to each other. Being you is important essential quality, where Christian collective *karma* returns to Buddhist beliefs. Each quality of identity is amongst essential qualities, where Buddhism personal *karma* would influence such Christian thought; all those identities form a "Christ Consciousness", an emerging field of Conscious People, who give and receive some higher values, and share this Consciousness if it's shared back into this source.

Gods of different times, with their Holy Spirits, rather be born back into this reality, or the older Gods are born: Schroedinger Field does not know much of them, but moments of their lives enter your quantum realms as it knows a litte, or the stories come when they are even known. I have experienced that souls of the future simply seem dying very fast in oracelous sense - they appear, but some logical paradox appears in their presence in the Mind's Eye, and the Archetype dies: perhaps you don't evolve into this being without resolving those Deaths.

By your karmic interaction you create your God: your karma fully determines what you see, which is not in contrast to interdependence and Christian helpful nature. Rather, if your way is not real, no force like human or god could produce so many positive effects without distracting their own karmic circulation; only if you support that can you be karmically somewhat neutral, a passenger. It's kind of alignment that You, Your Reality and Your God can be real only subsequently - you can see those things as Planes of Vibration.

But each of us must see so many reincarnations of us, even if not as whole persons, but as some moments of some people, who fulfill some soul mission and be those people at that moment, for you. Quantum Realm creates "perfect illusions" for you: actual appearances, which do not need any evidential reality behind. This the force in those individuals that they form a part of your Schroedinger Field - they cannot really exist, without being so much close to being those people that your own story is coherent, rather each experience is passing you, than each person. You can notice in video of Quantum Shifts: as you move your reality, you also move your identity.

Identities are not so permanent:
- Imagine the mental space as a multidimensional realm, where bigger and smaller spirits cover, fractally and overlapping, each of the areas.
- As the spirit is born, it gets "warm": as your Cause for Birth is done anyway, and not your Seed Karmic Problem appears, you are rather in Nirvana: without nothing being wrong, you feel no pain from not being. So, a better version of you: their birth actually warms up the logic complex, which when starting to resolve in society or reality, would rather give birth, or even long evolution, to you.
- So, as a person, who in causes and effects is "more identical to you", or even more you than you are by every means of your measure is born - your own Seed Cause, and consequently the "Worth" of your deeper being in this flow, is satisfied; you might see some visions about living that life in some aspects.

This is reflected by my theory that we are made of logic, rather than something else - we highly think we are "the same with" anything embodying our logic. What is this base logic which, fully embodied, would give us the birth? I have a very Zen attitude to cover any lack of being Scientific: namely, if I cannot give anything to reborn me, then why bother - by this karmic continuation in every part of the fractal, I still empower that in the future, what gives meaning to my life; subsequently - I cannot fully argue that it's not *me*.

Karmic theory, then, in it's Scientific Version, can be seen as Heavily tied into what you see as you:
- If you identify yourself as being something, which is surely repeating on fractal; you identify yourself with it's growth, and this identity is even carried on; energetically - you empower this relationship, even the self-care relationship unless you teach yourself; this is the Immortal You. In this sense, the Higher Self or Mind, represents your felt Cause, and gives you the Worth: you can easily see, if you cannot do or watch this Cause, you do not want to live; you easily feel your Mission: if it's going to fail, you feel self-worthlessness and pity, and you want to die (in old times people said: "To fall through the ground", which would almost resemble free-willed leave to the Hell in beliefs or associations of those times).
- If you identity yourself as person, ego, living in this time from your birth to your death: it's even illogical and impossible that this would not die in our social and medical context, but it's scope of existence would surely be finished in case of death, especially if this definition is very strict and not based on some other assumption. Your ego can also mean your connection to your family, belongings, culture etc.

The birth of God, as well, is here given in such a spectacle of different lights, and still overly dependent on what you think of as if it was God. This surely changes over the life and over the actual presence of different forces: but you can see you do not fit into each reality, easily letting you in; so if you do not create it, you cannot pass there. Thus, if God is being born, which seems to largely be synonymous that it's a perfect harmony to highe frequencies of the Whole - and gods can be born as many natural frequencies exist, covering the Whole Universe in various ways; for example the male and female principle of the whole, in case it's particularity and infinity, cannot fully merge, and it forms unitary persons -; but which can be seen by each identity, to the ultimate extremum: to be reincarnation of something deep, it must prove it's equal to this; in a certain paradox this can be very close to whether it *decides* to be equal; by which something can even betray - once a Nature has identified it as God, it simply becomes something else by this signal itself, using some constraints for reflection; the matter is that the force, in it's inner structure and will, must kind of appear separately above and below - the impossibility of false-persons, then, is either a disgravity of force by somebody who *remains* impossible, still somehow existing; or for those, who choose and be in syncrhonicity to this choice, not invoking any other logical bias or impossibility, so in Harmonious Nature they "Decide to be Themselves".

As the life forces partially overlap in dimensions, so overlap the realities they create: despite of some "messenger" effect, you can see people far away and far not living, even far potential: you do not see a whole person, but the proper physics of the Fractal makes this Force appear in your life, and this Force is what you are solving - it's also what the Person feels as Themselves.

Another problem is what I call "skeletons": some parts of the field pretend to be you inside you, but you pass a long alchemy to clearly distract those parts as being the conscious you; in case they come from some logical bias, they can be very annoying to always come back: until they create a "Sinus", an experience structure, which casts them truly away, but gives you similar experiences to overcome in actual reality. Mathematically, this process, as well as not letting information to you if you do not invent it in such case: rather than objects and people, you can consider reality as very complex multifractal, where you can even see different Gods in different dimensions and you do not know when you reach the Reality - where the Crown is really properly aligned, and consequently there are not paradoxes in having the All in the Right Course, so it's also the All of Truth and Power, a True God. Even if God would exist in such reality, it's a paradox: He would like to Punish you with Wrong God, and let in only who can find a Right God. Multiple Gods are fractal, reaching One God - is this, now, the same essence as the previous Gods, did they find this Evolving Self as the life source location or identity and it's structural code or location?

Avatars and Prophets can be seen as representing this infinity in various aspects and dispositions, setting themselves into different positions in regards to what they see. The spatial paradoxes still merge different Universes, and equal realms become as real each, unless they contradict - energy as a causal force exists as a causal force there. Still, having now several Gods is a paradox: those realities are not the Whole, and thus, perhaps God is not yet Conscious of Himself if such thing appears.

Different potentials wobble into reality and back into non-existence or potential existence; it starts to let energy through: paradoxes of these states rotating will balanced the realm, which will somehow experience each, with each of them coming and going. This is not mere quantum theory: such effects would evolve certantly, as it's the only solution to logic, and not because it's a given truth.

Also, the complex of identity appears: by Theorem of Incompleteness, the Matter cannot fully decide whether it's real, but such decision appears.

Left-wing, big things materialize somewhere and seem as matter: the material complex reflects flat and unitary, and the forces of Logic (not merely physics) might not do this immediately, and might do compromises between different forces, acting like "Money", but such resonance of different forces, and even different realms appears: and it somehow resolves that you see several contradicting realities; still, as you want to take the last limit value, one which being personalized or alive would be God, you see it also as a final and complete entity, both a principle behind reality and it's totality: you can arrive there in various ways, for example by assuming that principle of each thing and the logic of each thing actually form the same dimensions; I use such identity as a helpful simplification, if not complex truth: as A always implies it's value to B, and B always implies it's value to A, they are identical, and if they do not do so, they are not - I think in senses of matter, especially realistic senses of matter, those two experiences grow together.

By the Sinus principle: my theory cannot be true in this sense if it must be a final, perfect presence - rather, it's a big set of constraints with determinants to exist, so it must exist as "Reality", where reality itself is kind of Shadow: it initially wont cast that Truth, but rather it would be enlightened in dark way: it would fail each time it seriously fails this truth, and it would want to do this less and less, being capable of not failing more and more. While the Reality would be one unified Truth and Perfection, this would be as inseparable from God as the Magic cannot be separated from Ideal Technology; still we cannot say there is final phase of any Truth, and thus the non-final, impure and broken phase is the actual Truth. On Stock Matter of Reality, the Stocks of such God: Truth and Unity of All that Exists - these Stocks are becoming more and more readily valuable, especially in terms of long estimation and investment; this valuability itself it turning towards favourable position, and there is the feedback chain. The ultimate ideals most readily respond to how we see ultimate infinity affecting us as time-backwards causality - in Nature and our Minds, we see Ideals as being bound to be futures; fractal of Ideals means we have many different Futures, and their complete Unity as to be equal in this sense means to be inequal: happens in Spirit to Soul, representing that there is one ultimate vibration present in the Whole, one which, despite it's numerous possibilities, can be grasped quite well - for example, for coherence of the fractal, the parts are in peace and life, to make us believe the whole can be this completely.
