# Honour

My grandfather teached me to play chess, when I was 6. While, by the rules, I learned to take enemie's pieces very fast, attacking as much as I could.

My grandfather was so much better player than me that he jokingly let me win sometimes. He said it's most important skill in life to learn to lose; when my family lost their billions and left Russia, central Soviet Union, they learned from experience that it's as important to build strong relationships and solid basis, as important it is to earn money. They left 2 years after the revolution, planning to go to France with tickets buyed: my grandfather, at Estonia, said, with sensitive power in her full body as I could read from my father's eyes (she was a sensitive and sometimes thought a saint, from a family near Tzar so that Tzar wanted to purify his own blood by this marriage to fit the modern standards; while her husband was a billionaire, which helped Tzar when Tzar lacked money - like a jew -, which basically means communist work that he went to certain area, and with humble amounts of money, made a clever financial plan and executed this, helping to order the works); they had some 2 boxes of gold for travelling money, but as the Soviet Union was coming closer they let the children play with what was left, living in Barracks, and lost the money to whoever people the children gave them. Their son, my grandfather, became a scientist and famous in Soviet Union, having articles in academic newspapers; and my grandfather used to swim to Soviet Union over river as he had things with common people, some common work or something, but he somehow died early by all these adventures. My father learnt to be a carpenter and he learnt the bees, having a small farm which never became very sucessful; he does not like modern ways to work with food and learns about traditional, naturalistic ways all the time; while mostly working, he spends the evenings on philosophies like Zen and Tao, or Hindu stories, despite finally he started to call himself Christian and thought this is a very traditional religion; but for Cossack blood the Zen and Tao is rather something common to do, than religion, and they hardly doubt in the exercises or stories - for such cultures, the healthy ways to work with tradition are commonly known and the philosophical attitude is somehow in genes, just like Chinese and Hindus do not fail to understand their eastern philosophies. In west, certain conceptions remain cryptic. _White emigre_ left Russia after the revolution, as you can guess by the color "white": while the Soviet Union was rather punishing any kind of misuse of power, mostly defined by _principles of permanent power_, such as not paying properly to your workers. By not paying properly to your workers, you abuse the free market principles as defined by Soviet Union: the power of people to work themselves up. My grandfather was a scientific person, who, "funnily" respected Lenin - for the scientific mind.

White Emigre, if for nothing more, left Russia to avoid psychological confusion - they were *reminding of* the power, which was left, a psychological factor of stagnation if left there; still we cannot say an "ultimate evil" was running to kill it all by some gene; rather, by the evidence - we see this murder in each country.

By this: perhaps me and my generation, we are a little better than Stalin or the Inquisitors; a little better than those, who killed the pagans and the witches. But we are better for this reason: we studied these people, people from different races, creeds and political dispositions; and we felt deep into repeating this history.

These arguments: I see them many, but how often they fail into national basis? I hear "this man killed a man", "this man saved a life": but then, finally, among the "goys" (I don't use it for non-jew, but passing the logic, for "nations"); you see that the evident thing is the race.

## Honour and abuse

My grandfather taught me strategic rules of chess, ones determined by ethics and honour:
- You rather target victory than demolishion of enemy; instead of attacking the people, you directly attack the power. This means that after the game, you successfully lead all those people or resolve their republican power into enlightened kings, queens, or power structures (well the latter is my own add-on). So you play on combinations and intelligence, rather than brute force.

Why the honour counts in chess, when it's supposed to count in life? You can doubt whether ethics and honour just make you _more ethical_, or whether they make you _stronger_. To consider this: it depends on _environment_. In low class environment, honour can make you lose, as you need _higher class of honour_ - honour to educate people and properly choose your friends and partners. Indeed: why should one grandfather teach this, instead of letting you lose into the trust of the enemy? One can measure the people, but the real trust - one mentioned by Soviet Ruler back then, "trust nobody", or by American, "trust, but verify". Mistrust must come from wounds, not from theoretical understanding of people; it must be your history, not the alternative history you are talking about; it should not be the fairy tale, how your friends betrayed you. Looking at Caesar, Christ and Socrates, perhaps they were waiting too long; but perhaps it's for *us* that they were really creating an educational power: teachings of Socrates, perhaps they educated the children of his killers.

Honour and law, especially constitution, most definitely determines one's victory. In how the good side wins, those who doubt in this, still bring you examples of historic victories of Truth, and they are not bound to guarantee you any losses of the winner outside the realms of the losers; where the winner could win himself.

Over time, my chessplay of honour was learnt and became, pehaps, part of many learnt plays of honour - in the end, I saw so many people who skillfully played over the honour. Honour, if rigid and yang, can easily be beaten by opponent, who _does not provide you with honour_.

Honour games: cooperative chess play, even the remarks of honour outside of the game, such as learning the ability to lose, does create stronger players. There are numerous reasons, why the honorious games are successful, and the conception of win and lose transcends over the most obvious, where we always share the same number of victories and losses.
- Honourless games are longer and by targeting the victory itself, even giving away the misearned points or considering it even, letting an opponent to fix mistakes or telling them it was a "good game", the handshake at the end. Gentlemen definitely learn the point of the game, instead of luck, once they master the honour.
- There are "aftergame" stories - enemies country does not want to pay back and punish you once just the king was defeated; there are much more resources and ways of cooperation; where even the war discriminates between order and corruption.

But now:
- What if the opponent does not have honour? Do you win them by means of honour?

In my case: my honour was greedy and blind. _More wisdom_ of the enemy would have been to provide me honour back, and it's hard to grasp as how can there be more than 100% of games, the same, zero-sum number of victories; actually the honourless games are much longer and provide only a few of these experiences, people are often fighting based on the race, not based on their need for victory.

Honourless:
- I give them their mistakes back, they won't give mine back.
- I assume their honour much like plans, but they play an open game of different strategies.

This resembles breaking the Tao of chess: you plan your moves, but you also plan enemies moves; you fail to change your strategy if they do.

I was in little chess tournament of poor people many years later, where everybody had the perfect strategy to play over the people like me, almost like they studied my games among the others. I did play honour for 1/3 of the game, and lost almost every game. Suddenly, I realized: let's now play the most stupid way of my childhood, just like a harvester, taking all the pieces and attacking anything there. The rest of the tournament it was not easy to beat me - the master of the play once looked at me, noticing the extremely "bad style" I got, but I ignorantly just destroyed anything close to me, that's all. I got quite a nice place, 3rd position - one of the players was definitely really good, that is, the winner: a big african man, who looked like a king, and who was working with us a short time.

The honour games fear "betrayal", and those who betreat, they are usually not covered by means of honour; indeed we *should* have some honour in each case - but with betrayal, the honour must be much deeper than "sharing the food".

Honour, now, is mostly contributing to the honour: the simplest reason to have honour in war, is that you can war longer - while the other players, enemies among themselves, are for long _both dead_, you and your personal enemy are getting more and more calm, the war is more and more like piece, as _you fight for what matters_. This is the attitude you can find in gentlemen.

Notice that in capitalist teachings: while the teachings themselves, you can find, should contribute to capitalist + democrat combination, which respects honour; in the actual setting it's not easy to connect principles of honour with "everybody for their own skin". The case is that honour is something creative and intelligent, _not the evolution itself with it's blind choice between comfortable players_; when capitalism suggests it's the evolutionary phase, it can only happen if the experienced players use the experience to find higher principles: in this case, it can be seen "somewhat communist", such way almost "evil", because with complexity of mistakes avoided you cannot just count your money of today. While stock markets should respect the long-term goals and intercept creativity, getting the "brains and hands on their side", in advance - I have honour, and I do foresee who is going up, but I do not know in actual reality the stock market game: I do not know how I would earn money by respecting the winners in advance, and by having the higher rules which are high above the daily struggles of the price into it's local optimums; rather, the current principle seems to be that some big power is "able to buy any company _after_ it wins" and just the foreseeing ability of average person is not going to take you anywhere; the perfect ability to foresee could fail for unknown reasons.

## Conclusion

Evidently:
- The leaders of tough times; study them neutrally, not thinking your position in each history as if you only need to survive; we need. In chess, it's hard to say, who is the criminal and who is the good - but once you don't care to play it properly, by rules of honour, then when did you succeed in life and for how long? The mental exercise, here, is to play chess with full honour, without knowing, who is good or who is bad.
- If you give the non-labelled evidence, non-racist evidence: you say you are neutral about one and another side. A goy, for one nation, would clarify: if you are neutral to their enemy, you are the "racist". So the enemies pieces are not all bad, but you only target a victory - and sometimes, you give up.
