# Inertial Training

Training could be inertial to your random waiting positions, and everyday activities. It's a pity, how people without tone are moving in direction of not liking random addictions to repetitive, simple and rhythmic movements such as playing with spoon when waiting for food. Such people might have their nerves and communal muscles untrained: perhaps, they should do shared exercises, such as repeatedly moving a hand over hand of another. I used to play with cats and dogs - with cats, for example, staying still and waiting clever moments to touch the other very fast, then trying to get away. I was communicator with cats, so for example my cat came with me all the way to my school, except crossing the last highway few hundred meters before school. With do, that he was running around me and trying to attack from each direction when I was in yoga position, I had to kick him away. With animals, the game is endless - but cats are faster than dogs; me and the cats all got some heavy speedup sometimes to surprise the other for a time.

Many static positions especially lack the vital energy: the vital energy arrives as you are able for movement in these positions. For example, with your hands crossed, you have very small space to move your fingers - but you can do circles of thumb or fingers, and many other small movements - this adds to coordination, muscle massatge and creates the energy flow into body even in those positions (muscles typically visibly disappear precisely in positions, where they have no movement). Waiting, such as relaxing, standing, even walking for some parts of your body - the free parts of your body are either somewhat stuck, in which case you should train away the stuck feeling, or they could move, in which case you should have the movement.

Some positions could appear in case you lose part of your body - training them could help you moving those risks not farther away, but into safer area of life. The potential field ovely raising with each potentials - in real logic, it equals to making your current situation better, because the current situation is about avoiding the risks and using the opportunities, and those relate to their amount. As amounts of risks and opportunities are bigger (given the amount is positive word we won't inverse, as in Hermetic laws of unidirectional Opposition or my theorem R=T, which I often use in language), the whole system you are watching would change.

The criticism that we are not fighting without real touch, as we contemplate on potential fields, struggles and solutions:
- As we contemplate on potential problems, the potentials might not even be worth attacking. They could provide an average loss with people like you - and in calculating the real values for local values of many people, they have to be grouped, as so many values appear on statistical scale, but are more real than the real values.
- We choose our paths into more safety, such as not going where we would be beaten, or by realigning the positions in society with our neglect: a working society would be able to reach the considerations of each person.

For both medical illness and martial arts the future-neglection, such as seeing each sickness as part of bigger problem so that we can walk out of realm of sickness, and calculate the local relations of efforts and results; as well the ability to fight from distance.

Fighting from distance is typically based on the following:
- People signal risks, potentials, questions and answers. Those signals can work so well that they *are* or *become* the situation.
- As you are given the questions, you find the responses to them; the potential fields of two persons would heal.
- As a result, the person protecting themselves would not be attacked.

This means if you remove the real gain from attacking you, and put it into not attacking you, this movement creates the web to favour rather people like you than the ones attacking them - who might still attack, but it's not the common sphere of things, in which they slowly and readily go down. Our goal could not be all to win each fight on potential field, which is still possible for a man strong and social enough, at the same time - especially given the goal of both sides to avoid fight and loss. Our purpose, in which such statement appear that *some men have been able for this* is rather: to contemplate on the flow of events, and to neglect more into future, so that even the previous situation counts better. By contemplating on the future, we slowly make our past more favourable: person, who constantly worked for the future, has a very favourable time in the past, in relation to current situation; the past of changing now, then, must be raising up as well as the future. You can be what the future you wants to see in their past, and that in response to any hints from the future you get: generally you can expect some things in the future, for example either humankind would go on, or you don't have any chance anyway, so your positive goal can be somewhat based on humanity going on.

You see the actual *time*, when you neglected the battle you did not have, is outside time and space - in metaphysics. To metaphorically compare this change in whole time and space as a plate or flat surface, and to compare it with changes, which happen as the energy in each new layer of this space still flows from the past to future - you need math, but you can see things, which become into Mind doing that thing. Because it's the real explanation for energy field, the actual place where energy flows - as the field gets higher conscious of itself, it somehow transcends into physical reality; in the signal-passing universe, such flows of signals appear fundamentally similar to actual passing time, and over long process generate the same kind of sensation and evolutions. You can see this in mathematical space: you need to express them with the same numbers in different frequencies. The metaconscious mind, which is able to see itself in both dimensions or frequencies: inside time, and inside the fabric of time you could also call space in some sense - space could be seen as what occurs in cause and effect without a direct temporal calculation or series of events to produce this result.

In your normal activities, you could try to mix the movements with exercises or harder parts, to dance those movements in between, for example you could try to wash the dishes when moving up and down with your legs.

Who is not philosophically aquaintained with you: they could see your exercise as annoying, circus or jokes, or things which stop them from calm and peace. For example you cannot do noisy exercise in library. When I wait for food, I usually do some hand and finger exercise currently, and in other waiting positions or sometimes when walking - to keep a good tone for the whole day, and day after day, is currenly normal for me.

If you enable good blood flow and tone in all your positions and movements in any way, you create additional simplicity, an effortless effect into your life - your actual life.

If, in meditations, you have moments when stopping and talking with others would annoy your energy, feeling similar to vampirism; where you cannot tolerate other's eyes and thoughts - as well, just wake up and walk through these situations, because you need to bring your meditations into life and respond to real life; as the meditation is your process for the whole life - those meeting with people are the material processes, which affect you, and the whole interaction would far better solve your real-world interactions.
