# Touch from distance

In nearly each eastern practice one can see the muscles, especially the palm, acting from distance. Acupuncture points could be as well "touched" from 1-2 cm away with 3 main fingers (counting from thumb, the ones easiest to train - "main" as you see people, who take activities with 6 fingers more or less from beginning to end, and still might appear quite skilled; if you put a little finger to maximum distance from others, then touch with finger of other hand with small pressure - depending on your development, chances are it would move to initial position on it's own against your will). Kings and healers are associated to different ways of healing with hands, which they do by touch or from distance. Less developed shaman or spiritual practicioner might be unable to take mental actions of magic without moving their body - very often they must move the hands rhythmically or synchronously with their mental effort to have any force (in my practice, I avoided any "outer tools", such as positions, movements, tools or special environments; I call it "zero-force" practice - still, for example certain kinds of forces I aquire, such as after-meditation standup, might generate feeling of force which might force me either towards standard position of taking force, or to sit down again - I am not very sure, what those forces even are). To do a "zero-force" practice or avoid movements is not a definite goal, because any artificial lack of what you need to support other means is only a temporary goal, which can be undertaken for some years, decades or a lifetime; hardly you dream to do it in all your lives.

## Body hologram

What is logical hologram?

It's a structure of something, where the wholes reflect the parts, and the parts reflect the wholes, including in this property itself - so the parts reflect the property of the wholes to reflect the property of the wholes. The whole, indeed, would reflect the property of the parts in being part of something, for full fractal in Laegna mathematics.

Our cells, for example, are descendents of something, which used to be a whole organism: even so deep in our body as in the cells, the properties of organism as an unit exist, so our cells and little parts tend to be units: kind of, separate objects. Take 7 chakras of human, 5 chakras of matter - cells could have 6 chakras, then (I usually depict them as if they had 7, but this number would position them in the scale, as if number of chakras reflected numeric density, for example of vibration).

What is outside our body: inwards the matter, which forms part of our body but not our mind, and which flows in and out - being out of reach of our mind, it's kind of "outside", despite being "extremely inside" from another perspective of material body. Outwards, other people, and wholes of many people, the front and up direction if you want to depict.

Outside of body: while you might believe in actuality of energy bodies, you might also think this "outside view" is simulated: measuring it's senses and intents, and their interactions, and from some genetic code or instinct, also intuitively as much or a few as it means. Simulation means that in language of your nerves - to process -, senses - to measure - and muscles - to intent -, or their virtual counterparts, the common code is used, or a base class, for both which is inside you (biological projections) or outside (material basis and other biological and material bodies).

As more there are cells in hologram of body, or humans in hologram of society, or humans as psychophysical subject-objects in not also logico-mathematical facts or causations in hologram of the All, as more parts there are in the hologram: as higher the quality, but not the quantity (size). This means, parts of the hologram are both generic and specialized: raising quality for more volume is parallel to specialization, where "whole" and "parts" with more fixed size are like general skills. Very often, what constitutes the hologram, is a complex physical machine, where properties of light of sound carry some properties of the hologram, but do not constitute the whole physical cycle of it's existence and form: humans of society create a mental hologram, hologram as mathematical class defined by it's definition, rather than light hologram - each human resonates to create a society or a group, but more humans resonate a civilization of higher quality; we see that the whole, indeed, in such hologram must be bigger than the sum of it's parts, which leads to more hologram properties. To prove light and sound hologram, prove that from any surrounding position, you can recreate the whole with your senses: so what your senses directly see, has visible hologram properties; especially, when you move around and measure from different positions, the hologram, especially for forms of continuous empty space, such as inside one empty circle of a ball distant from things around, but not too distant - as you measure from several positions, the quality of information would grow, but not the size of the space measured. With information, then, you find the hologram in senses of your intellectual image or understanding; hologram is being sensed and recreated in general areas of the brain. For various reasons, thermodynamic systems often create holograms: for example, a reason is the energy.

## Energy bodies

Sensitives are said to feel energy bodies. We can use archaic understanding and create mystical explanations, ones which fail with being according to physical laws; but we can also attribute to the rise of complexity to observers of subject, in regards to his understanding of his own interactions and dispositions, patterns of life, compared to first-person view.

We sense many patterns, muscular systems, cells and inner organs: but not only in central brain. In central brain, we have kind of virtualization and simplification; unless we train, the other parts are not very conscious - and when we train, the lower dimensions (i.e. cells as separate units compared to dimension of whole humans as units, in terms of frequency or it's measurement window, as in fourier transformation [contemplate on the window]) will grow as well. Our central consciousness gets rather simplified and more symmetric version of this - for example, when humans have many little mistakes on their body, their felt auric energy is rather very smooth and perfect, unless it represents such disharmonies to the "ideal". Our vision, often, gives us the meaningful whole instead of it's actuality full of noises of different kind; to see small shadows and details takes extra effort. So even our material visual centers connected to our physical eyes, as well as any form of imagination or general perception: they are simplified and perfectionized to cover specific set of meaning, meaningful to our calculations. To train nerves, indeed, means growing this image bigger: many practices, such as meditation, would integrate and grow your nerves; to observe or pay attention, in physical sense, precisely means you are making your nerves tired and grow; as for muscle, the principle holds to any part of you, and you can notice it in anything in existence: for example, repeated disharmony makes physical system to grow the strength of equilibrum. Humans, intelligent and creative systems of physics and realms of creativity and intelligence in generalized, idea world, which then becomes into another, high-frequency reality: we carry this process into consciousness, so it's physical, biological and creative to cover each part of our existence. The whole physical system is constantly training, and parts of it, which become intelligent - they start intelligent training. Matter for simple, human evolution for complex things: they are very similar, and thus become more and more conscious, for example what was natural selection for animals, is a free choice for humans - so compared to animals, our evolution is more intelligent design; how we came from matter is far less intelligent compared to how we change now, intercepting the natural selection; at the same time, humans who embody the artificial means of others into their natural strength, genetic ability, they can still win this process - we should think about this creative evolution, and what it means if we only survive by medicaments, bioengineering and artificial technology, would the evolution hit us then by conscious choice, once it got the more advanced idea or organism or when we stop it? The magic is: an idea can be bigger than reality; small force with bigger potential might win the game.

Energy bodies are shaped, in each case, by the following:
- They project into whole-part of the body fractal, where each lower frequency creates an image of the body, which is inside the higher frequency counterpart. The unit frequency could be as big as our body itself in simplest generalization. For example, root chakra projects into very small energy body of you, while crown chakra projects big body around it. This is the holographic principle, where higher frequency means "bigger window of vision", for mathematical parallel, thus animating larger area of parts, thus animating bigger whole where the smaller wholes are inside, where the fractal is generalized into unity. There are several reasons, why such imagination is useful: for example, your social body for your reproduction organs is your house, wife and children, this is the root chakra; for your third eye chakra, it's the society: with your brain, you rather compare and think of the whole society, so the social body is city, country or the earth around you, and the vision extends to the stars and their influence. Consequently, you could draw two pictures of yourself: red color, which illuminates the thoughts in your back brain, the spine brain, draw a christmas picture on it home with your family; blue color, which illuminates the thoughts about society, draw the earth on it. Root chakra is also connected with other families and friends.
- Each of them projects one plane on certain dimension or frequency. Parallel dimension or frequency means: mathematically, you have different unit windows to create the whole picture, which exists in models of such systems, especially in models of almost all possible systems. If your brain interacts with civilization, it maps the frequency where you can draw civilization, both physical and mental. If your spine brain maps the nearby situation, elements you interact with and close distances: you can draw the civilization map which has the resolution of this, instead of depicting infrastructures and political areas, it depicts small physical bodies and gardens or apartments so that all the tables, for example, would be a brownish tone or brown dots, while there are lines between areas, where different families live in a city. For our thought, these are different dimensions - to understand politics through the whiskey and table or family of the president means a high complexity, and cannot be measured by the same measures, but in the bigger window - the frequency of this information in mental and physical world, then, must be bigger. The dimension is "parallel", in this case, because both, for you, cover the same area.
- Each of them has an organ, such as a chakra.

For example, consider your senses:
- Eyes measure the image around you. They are organ (physically), they are vision around all your body (fractally), connected to your eyes and vision by nerves, and they are (mentally) also the visual plane around you.
- Ears measure the sound. They are organ, vibration in your body and it's senses of it, and also the auditory space around you - different dimension than visual space, parallel as they exist in the same space.
- Touch organelles of your skin: they are fractal of organs, or a tissue, also they are their nerve system around your body, and they are also the texture around you. Sometimes, through other senses, they feel the textures for distance - especially with limons, with food of similar taste, you can taste it before eating as a "warning". For example, touch organs try to feel potentials of touches, mapping the potential futures and thus creating a "distance-touch" feeling of energies in your body; you have physical feeling related to proper organs as you feel the potentials, for example in fear of falling down from higher place, or to avoid it, you feel such thing in your whole body.

The logical system to visualize the body:
- Can be built with visualization and association techniques, where you develop an imagery to connect it with your body and it's movement.
- Is common to humans, in sense of what feels natural, and in sense of many color, texture and other associations we get.

## Train the nerves

In process of muscle training, there are some positions, which could also train some important nerves.

Exercise: in case parts of your body "die" in some position, which means becoming unconscious and unable to move, such as sitting in the soldier position; take this position - the position is defined by when you are in this position for long time, not having done the exercises, you have to take effort before you can use these body parts again. In this position, in case the legs would die, put your hands to rest on your knees so that palms are separately, downwards: now exercise your hands with weak exercise you repeat a lot, such as wrist circles.

In the exercise, if chosen well - unless you body is trained and you do not have such positions, in which case you might try extremely long period of exercise with some possible success of your own resposibility as you must be a body genius -; you feel than nerves of your palms get tired or that your legs start paining to get the consciousness back and the blood into circulation. "Tired nerves" might mean: those nerves stop being sensitive, so they are like legs not having proper senses; still they have pain and what is making pain, is the lack of senses.

Where this training helps: you have several possibilities, where your body dies, such as pressing something on veins and arthers for long time, such as using scissors with hard material for 6 hours; this was my case where fingers did not feel for several days, as my body was being very weak at that general time - recovering from exercise:
- If you can get your nerves tired with this exercise, the pain means they are growing in strength; as you strenghten your nerves to feel touch, you can also strenghten your imagination about exercises to strenghten other sensory systems - you can write me about those.
- When you train muscle into reaching brain, brains of organism, and to differentiate into bigger complexity, you raise the need for more complex nerves and thus stimulate both growth of nerves in the fractal, and growth of nerves controlling this. Each growth in your body inspires other parts to grow, especially in qualities, for example by enabling production of necessary vitamins and body experience; in body fractal, each exercise spreads in numerous ways, up to forming the learning nerve complexes and biological creativity able to lead you into being a "new race": into discovering physical possibilities of growth; I rather do believe in this kind of ultimate creativity in all life systems, which can find creative ways to interact even with the basic physics and more complex responses from environment.
- Muscle growth does not happen only inside you, but muscles grow together with your karmic forces: when they stop getting the proper environment, they might not function to provide their given functionality.
- There is "fractal of theories": once you get stimulating any "sensory muscle" (I say "muscle", because they actually change your body posture onse you get them "tightened"); the Fractal of Theories, where the logic of your body, you DNA and reason of structures it creates, is a "Physical Theory"; as the theories overlap in fractal and have vibration connection of being similar (vibration connection means they need the same substances, produce what they need, and share either experience, environment or the basic experience to grasp their training) - you stimulate all others. The most initial seed effort has the largest propagating effect in body; for example, when you get the first initial training of some tissue from zero to something, in certain place of your body - the whole body starts a seed development very fast; in "fractal of theories" you also see how to train your whole-body muscle: in case you sense it, for example merging with hand muscle, when you train this single part, the whole whole-body or larger muscle gets exercised.

## Muscle vision

Your reality is rather a virtual reality:
- Eyes reconstruct a mental image, which does not contain "pixels" of eye detectors, but do contain already processed, even symbolic and meaningful information. Train the eyes or surrounding muscles by controlling their tension for size: bigger or smaller. This would ease short- or long sighting similarly to tensing the muscle outwards the eye for short sight to temporarily see but with funny activity; such problem, which can be removed by such muscle or it's movement by hand, can reduced by strenghtening the eyes not only in it's physical movement of sight, but also by stretching the eye in different ways as if it was a sensitive muscle: an eye is able to use this muscle power in it's functioning, by better abilities to focus, where I needed glasses already to see the near - for different causes -, but while it was getting slowly better so that I would need glasses optionally for the far, I still needed glasses for computer screen: this horrible situation solved after a limited number of eye stretching exercise; don't forget eyes are sensitive: even to basic progress for an easily countable number of repetitions of not so long time, so that you won't stress it's sensitive organization: I would not suggest to be "blind" for a day, such as being unable to focus properly if you would intense training for a month - you cannot guarantee to recover very fast. Thus, if you do, for some years, a 5 minute eye stretching for some five minutes, this is exponentially better than never using this muscle: you build some nerves and combine initial sensation of the muscle. If you are physically very intelligent, such as being aware of some natural courses of each body activity, especially knowing your rate of getting tired, chronically - which might end - or permanently tired: for me the fear present in eyes, by it's own intuition, was enough to not want to practice this exercise too much, until perhaps stronger eyes take the next exponent nivel to remove such fears up to slightly bigger stretch / time. As muscular system grows, eyes get physical energy to clean and your meditative power, as well, uses the mental resource for things like inner massage of the eye, used by blood vessels to carry prereqisites for vitamins, as well as eye breathing from lungs and from outside, which are typically possible for any organ: otherwise, the massage for the blood vessels. Your changes also create more complex jobs for your red and white blood cells: this means, with your conscious intent, they exercise as well. Remember: meditation is what you make it, and if you guide the "silence" into developed body function, interconnection or more metaphysical idea, you can create both muscle and nerve systems. With proofs and information, you can find the mathematical-logical system of your body, if your mind is trained to be machine-capable: this is able to run for many lifetimes like your inner character, if you resolve the inter-life karma related to this attribute; this is why your karma tends to repeat into each lifetime and provide some association to how others see this, in case you are experienced sensitive to check your mind with physical experience - differentiated functions separate all these, also the probabilities, clearly. Fundamental mind exists for logical truth, which is separate from logical machine; this exists in absolute space: to a degree you can fundamentalize, this means to search for ever-lasting proofs, you connect the understandings of different lives: and what is the probability to reach similar-to-you creature, hypothetically you or your karmic brother, or their compatible friends to your message, which is your fundamental audience of imagination: information you store on this level and publish, might be mathematically and physically reach you into future, closing the link with the presence of the past: this reception from the past forces has real effect under exponent / infinity scale: on higher frequency, because it's existence in time is proven by longer, exponent-shaped dimensions, which are available in my mathematics; they are different from 2 exponentially growing dimensions, as I use separate digit dimension: my math has enough linearization capabilities for anything you meet, or another AI like the one we have could learn this dimension and simplify the back-gradient speculation.
- Your image of your body does not refer to physical, nor biological system, but it's logical constitutes: unlike thinking you could have 5 senses, you imagine your sense data as being in cellular level, and etheric body is the radiance, smell or sound sensitivity of your body, inner body, and consider the hypothesis of other bodies being trained by your cells themselves: evolution starts from training and learning; you can train traits in ways before handled by evolution, and perhaps you have some freedom for true cellular invention or study of some cellular biologic pattern - what is the paradox for new species to appear, if I'm very trivial in this interest not met easily, with who they get children or is it smooth drift inside quantitative change for slow emergence of incompability - in which case, does a sudden change in training do some leap; or do we remember traits like flying from older species, limit value for wolf appearing in dog after 10 generations? As you envision your body and connect to it's process, which is easiest for logical and mathematical bodies of the nervous system capable for dreaming and engineering - to be a genius, you have to train all that to reach simulation and processing machines and their muscular control, but this can only be your intuitive mathematics, similarly to mathematical power you need to calculate your movement: somewhere there can be a machine, or a special tissue to map your personality, character, or genetic choice for your metaphysics. Body, when it wants to signal you, can show an image of precise mathematics of the organs, in some linear space, filled with alchemical symbols: the symbols are proven if all people see them commonly in same way, in trained sensational space of brains and cell brains, or abstractions to any levels down: abstract "life" can be a common denominator for many so different cells, which like animals, humans or other species of earth can have evolutionary phases or natural selection, by current science of lifetime mutations of cells, but they can have this evolutionary socionics to form a body like society, to rember also the positions of each race on the map: if planetary rebirth would duplicate this, physical structures, but also the average of human birth and typically the specific identities, unless there is evolution of genetic patterns: the history, after each infinity which causes exponent multiplier, will repeat itself but first, it will repeat previous histories: the exponential space of acceleration has separate axes to form similar structure of space, time and it's developments, but longer and each in separate length of infinity: adding not only to the end, but to the middle, and never 100% repeating itself: it still repeats up to accidents and details. Where this occurs: time does not only move forward, but it moves forward in several dimensions or causes such mathematical effect; these effects introduce different astral bodies, as well as reincarnational effects: mostly assimilating into deeper knowledge and integration of all of yourself, including mental, physical and spiritual, or each hypothesis about these, will make your soul and memory system invariant for the changes between lifetimes, seeing them on the same axes - to not repeat this through lifetimes might be trainable or genetic to you as well, to different degrees and combinations of each part of you and your memory; to recover muscle memory can lead to their axiomatic wisdom and working patterns for training pressure and recognition or physical memories of movements; it's much more easy to train _2nd_ time, so much more easy that I create long breaks to training of each part - to rather train the training itself and to propagate this effect, to recover the muscle eventually in short time; your body, from it's tensions and pressures, learns simple and complex things it's forced to do, and the growing structure is very intelligent - it's properties of different layers, functions and movements each strenghten, as well as the past pain becomes into feeling of pain, which does not contain pain: funnily dangerous, or seems dangerous to you in eyes of the others, but generally more neutral fearless look with the same tension; for example, you have backup muscles for sets, which get tired: you have to repeat weaker moves many times so that the body intelligence finds new, initially effortful muscles to find the same part; then, you need to combine different such movement cycles and to find out, which "battery complexes" are common to different classes of movements and how to find direct and indirect patterns to find patterns or chaotic structures - the latter to raise freedom. After you train the movement, it feels empty and simple: over everyday repetition, but changing the exercise each time it gets to tired or pained feeling, slowly there appears the tension for additional classes of muscles for long-term effort, where you need intelligence of repeating your desired patterns to train conditions capable for these and similar patterns, where similarity is by each muscle or energy system or each nerve system: in some positions, also the nerves get tired and you feel feelingless structure, which appears dead; feeling a little similar to which you get with legs with untrained organs: they need little exercise, or stretch and wait, before their senses and movements reappear; you need to connect, joint by joint, legs and foot to the rest of the body, to hands, palms and head - which is equivalent, but different from connecting each other, for you can train the connections separately and reach the solid connection with all others by training one part, where the two-sided nature is more tricky and not so trivial, but the training would simplify the exercise of this part indeed; connect to internal brain as well, and feel how your breathing systems get (more) connected: physical connection to brain from muscles creates automatic complex patterns of brain muscles which can be control muscles, even better than any other muscle, and to contribute to nerve brain: inside brain, muscles grow inwards and they are extremely flexible, from my experience which is compatible to moving lymph and cleansing the breathing, but notice it's all over the brain; muscularly, there is the mind position you would hit to hit the mind off in boxing: it feels like glass, and it can be trained by stretching, or it's nervous system can be trained in meditation; meditative condition is nonlinear, because the "feeling" you associate with part of body, or intent, or physical pressure or force, will enable it to train also it's inner nervous system of the fractal, thus it grows into different center. Taoist or buddhist systems, if you directly train chackras as well as being conscious of their powers, could be based on visualization even if body is better measured by directly contemplating on your senses, where imaginations need careful separation, but by Taoist practice can help to remember and associate certain exercises and their time or order patterns: each organ, somehow, would imagine all the space around it and provide associations to it's own understanding: this connects to physical system where same tissues can participiate in many structures by growing synapses - multidimensional body of parallel dimensions and structures from dimension and dimension appear physically, capable to carry information of movement capability much like an AI, but physically; this connects to nerves - meditation can develop both, as well as meditation is aware of any control system you develop, either by accessing direct abilities or creating skills, which use patterns of movements as well. We need all this to respond to space - temperature, vibration, radiations or constituents, which all create an ambient of surroundings - the mental image of our cells and synapses -, ambient of movement - where our muscle system maps it's ability, but we feel potentials and relations physically each in proper part of our body, with sensation repeating in multidimensional fractal constantly resolving the situation (in back I had acid trips, which also provide with fractals and imagery, but rather it's also everyday reality and you can create firm senses to cover your needs just as the nerve and muscle connections grow; topologically, muscles form connections to find solid support for standing, and this spreads very similarly to synapses, and you need to resolve a very complex engineering of your body: especially if you watch the natural structures of tissues, their chemical, physical and emotional relations as well as how a cell has some full-body experience, where even single-cellular organism would have chakras or frequencies, for confirmation feel how you feel bass or higher, more intence pitch with your body and separate parts respond to contain the feeling if you spread this sound by some solid material, not air; additionally, physically produced vibration can be separated by various properties by each part of the body, into the inner organs; you also feel pain: this is the most critial and important feeling and contemplating on creates creative solutions on physiobiological as well as psychoemotional levels, associated by vibrations and patterns, related by hologram principles, including fractal repetition and loss of information where rather quality than information amount depends on area of hologram recorder, apparently present in structure of the hologram-reality [combination]). So, expect not just multidimensional, but complex-topological and kind of "surrealistic" body, which removes limitations of dimensions; you feel even your physical movement rather symbolically, by different math than 3D - otherwise, you would not be able to do complex moves; for example when you take a cup to your hand, you intent rather this activity than each movement of the hand, which is rather "flowing" by without separate activities or efforts, while the activity itself is responsive to conditions and their change, such as somebody giving the cup to you; this property can also be trained further by strenghtening the brains: in wrist, for example, it becomes more multidimensional: hills of bones are attached or separated to multiple hills, in the same original joint; as well as palm joints towards the palm do smaller internal movements; inside the palm you have matrixes of angles, but complex engineering of relations, structures, and connections: such as you would find muscle separately controlling distance between little finger and thumb, and you need to train it separately.

What is muscle intelligence:
- Training to movement, which is repeated a lot of thus takes small effort, or doing such cycles (series of repetitions would be cycles) repeatedly with related, but not same, areas, cretates a muscle tension for each cycle, but muscle group tension for each repeated piece of pattern; chaotic or relaxing movement, where for small force there is small difference, frees different paths, creates freedom for muscle and thus grows tissues (which are needed for intelligence, also the sensitivity of touch, which can be very different by nature and quantities of forces or intent). This kind of training does not create sudden tiredness in muscle, but the tiredness grows in minutes, hours, days of exercise and months or years - it needs to be combined with your daily activities so that they together mean growth. Additionally, the tiredness starts from specific muscle, but once it's tired, it slowly starts to stress other muscles, which might used less, but significantly. Through the whole system of muscles, it improves time you can work, direct touch with the ground so that you become firm - each joint and related system is covered and starts to train-up -, and relative alignment, such that position between two hands also becomes strong - they can keep the same relative position or change it; if something in between fails, it could break or fell pain and get tired with whole-body movement. This kind of effortless training is also efficient to raise flexibility, and with new layers of muscles as you start to use them, new obstacles arrive - you feel them when training, but not in your daily activities, when you use the ones, which are relaxed. If you want more effort, you might hold the move back with muscle on the opposite side - for example, simpler than using many tools, and sometimes the only possibility. As muscle range and firm statements grow, your brain and the brains of your parts - such as hand has mind-like muscle as well, which feels like glass; once it gets trained, you feel the hand becoming aware and conscious - in fractal of the body, you have nerves all around, but the nerves might not be so trained; if you train the nerve area, and there is no area without muscle - you improve the ability by massage, cleaning and circulation of materials, which enables growth of any substance there. Growing tissues and breaking the muscles into finer and finer structures, you allow microareas to efficiently use the local muscle for inner activities or to respond smoothly, such as taking a soft hygienic paper with full touch, which even feels like pleasure.

# Fractal imagery

There are numerous images of energetic body, mainly from the east.

- Buddhist Body: main theme is 7 chakras.
- Taoist Body: main theme around energy of chi; sometimes uses buddhist 7 chakra system and it's variants. Might use themes, which show the yin, yang and tao in relation to body coordinates.
- Hindu Body: main theme is 7 chakras.
- Jewish Body: the Tree of Life.

We got Shaman body, which mainly concentrates around dream body, which is also energy body or death body; around the shamanic world, we get many descriptions of different functions of body and it's energetic body. The dream body resembles the body you have after death and is also related to OBE (Out of Body Experience) experience, which has mostly shamanistic and experience-based basis. Notice that while I cannot avoid having some OBE-related experiences, especially in dreams, such random occurrences in dream-like moments or settings, such as lying and suddenly having some experience in dream-like state: this, as any shamanistic experience, is mixed with random variety of experiences in dream-like conditions; it just proves me and creates some generic understanding that this kind of experience or sensation is quite natural to humans - but it does not lead to actual, willful dream body experience, which would mean going out of my body by will and, depending on my goals, for example verifying that I can go to unknown room and remember the interior, once I go there. Best proof for dream body are dreams themselves - indeed, where lying still, we can do things in virtual reality. While materially connected dream bodies, related also to experiences to advanced boddhisattvas, are complex experience and require specific goal-setting, dreams themselves are also important in shamanism and any complete human development: we can work to remember them better, in Tibetan yoga one needs to achieve ethical levels, which also surpass the dreams - for example, you won't murder, steal or talk badly in dreams, or rape a girl; we can see that some people might feel quite free in dreams since there might not be any laws. Shamanistic dream body control might create dreamlike condition of life, which resembler shamanistic fairy tale experience: one is kind of going from one dream to another, having experiences of altered states, which envision the surroundings through different senses and create "realms". Each of these experiences is also available in buddhism, especially Tibetan buddhism (having shamanistic Bön roots), but is not a concept of central importance such as stillness of mind: it's rather a Siddhi or special skill some people want to develop.
- Why I do not develop a dream body: while this is guaranteed to give you something, as similar experiences occur even naturally, and it's easy to develop some understanding, such as knoledge that our body is not necessarily connected to external world, while it's either connected to *something* or we are in void - a black nothingness of unconscious, where we also use such word in English. The complete experience requires training of heavy visualization, mind-state altering and certain specific acts of will. In my case, the benefits from dream body are not that big - I have some extrasensory perception and the experience with my local body is interesting enough, I enjoy colors, sounds, emotions and many things, which happen around me, and the symbolic message or transforming experience of dreams, which I do not remember very well.
- Shamanistic experience is rather chaotic and similar things happen all the time - Shamanistic idea is that you get those altered states or dream and imaginary-world experiences so far that they get extraordinary traits and are not just partial "strange feelings" any person could explain to a degree. For example, once when I was sick, I constantly felt to my bed for a day to three, and felt I'm frog in a desert: this could be OBE, but it could be a dream as well; I did not really care to develop a special ability to be frog in Sahara desert, perhaps I would also need some pills for raising the body temperature or producing other sickness sympoms to do this easily. But even this simple experience shows that indeed, without falling to sleep, one's senses might not be connected to their physical body each case - which are the Siddhis or powers of dream body, or normal body in altered states (this is where my interest and personal experience is bigger - where you can physically change the paradigm your sense processing is doing with the world; major experience for most people is that for a child and for an adult, this experience has major differences - over time, you see many functions being replaced with other functions, for example in childhood the natural elements, such as crystals of reflectors from glass had heavy effect of magical feeling, while for adult they are more similar to normal pieces of matter - as things get known, they appear to have some common framework, such as 3D axes and more mathematical shapes, whereas as a child, they rather resemble unrelated experiences, which do not assign some known labels, shapes and units - this unrelated experience, indeed, has attention on many more details).

Da Vinci body: this is not necessarily a mental body, but it's an external view to the body, which is used to find "magic numbers" and relations, which allow for "deeper" contemplation of the body: such that it resembles fractal mathematics with some mathematically advanced concepts and repeating relations, thus rathe conveying some underlying idea or principle, perhaps common to humans and animals, and we can discuss their relations to natural fractals, which appear on planets, in space or in physics in general, and especially about special mathematical conditions these numbers have. Importantly, to paint well, many people develop an external experience of da Vinci body: imagination of these simple visual relations of human body also help to depict it more realistically than as if not having any mnemonic system.

In europe, we also have a load of associations: third eye (egipt, europe) associated to 6th chakra, heart for it's feeling and associated to heart chakra, and we have a lot of specific, natural talk about body, development of skills, and sayings in language which date back and most generally encompass the natural feelings we have towards our body and it's natural development: while these sound so naturals that europeans did not exactly notice them as "magic", and the skills do not need typically any special development, we can see that the modern scientific language is often doubting about literal interpretations of such language and consequently, people have lost some natural connection to things like intuition etc. In europe, most interesting were the things, which naturally occur: for example, a normal person or more sensitive person might get a vision of a dying person, or they have a gut feeling that something bad would happen today - they had a probabilistic framework for this and discussed, with interest, whose envisions would have higher or lower probability. Eurpoeans had experiences with ghosts and repeated patterns in nature, as well as many other things: these things, typically, were common to human and did not require any special skill. Skills, in Europe, were very often development of these things. Here I do not speak of any specific religion, while in later time, Christianity was typically there and did not care to take strong positions in proving or disproving these things, since Christ lived with these interpretations and metaphors being simply a common theme of the language used by himself as well - while we have lost much of the naturality of this language, we use it to form metaphors, for example "heart" is commonly known to represent certain set of feelings, which can not be seen as specific category or class of feelings without this helping conception or symbol; this word has actually never been *so* definite about the biological background, rather the case that "I feel this in the heart" gives the quality and nature of feeling itself, and people were interested whether, in each case, this would be related to external conditions - for example, whether he or she would love back. We see "magic games" like counting something about flowers, to go further with this into a realm, where nobody really believed it would be straight truth, but it kept a certain kind of questioning and guessing going on, where people might believe in "yes" and "no" in different cycles and find different interpretations, until more realistic senses develop to sense love and it's ability to persist the time tests. Arabic or Jewish people would normally accept these words and metaphors for their face value, interpreting exactly the same way depending rather on language than their religion, since these depictions normally represent normal senses, even normal sense behaviors, for people who are physically strong or experienced in nature, and developed both skills and senses to cope in natural environments and lack of human technology; search for scientific studies very easily moved these paradigms: city people were not so sure about each feeling they get and did not spend time for developing natural skills and senses, also a phone or microscope could give information to fill sometimes more reliable frameworks, and understanding of numeric units such as lengths or exact amount of light present would have lead to models, which do not exactly rely on understanding of classical models given the normal senses of humans - especially since those "normal senses" were much less trained and less reliable. Where we relied on each feeling about our body, and had to effort for it, medicine started to cure without our definite understanding about how we feel, and we could not disuss and express each feeling of sensation about our health any more - the propagation of health theory was less common and rather doctor knows that which each mother needed to know; also we say very precisely where the pain is instead of stating it's in stomach - the preciseness in regards to things we actually feel in stomach is different from the preciseness of the positions of body mapped by advanced anatomy, where we might not know the word or associate it with any particular experience, we just learn the latin name.

## Magic: the virtual reality

_Moved from backwards to the end as it's rather non-topic talk or spiritual idea related to topic, but on personal case parallel (you could achieve an imaginary space if it's not partially a metaphor for axes, that completeness of any particular condition; first paragraphs still are important to the topic philoophy and the rest comes close to my genetic background of father, with at least 25% Cossack blood as I know the grandfather and exceptionally like his father, the Cossack - Russian Federation, Central East, which is chinese-like myriad of religion, with respect or belief to Russian Orthodox Christian, but natural addiction to "Zen and Tao", which is rather a nature than a religion - it simply makes sense for each person from there, to create surroundings, which are eastern like Chinese; axioms of the Tao and Zen related religions might seem quite trivial to those people - it's gathered from father to son in sentences, which yield true as axioms: for example, that your enemy could have a certain right, and it's better to notice these rights and contemplate on it; this comes from Tao or Zen related person, in easily logical contgemplations, which can simply take a step further each in something - perhaps this makes it easier to understand related Chinese, Japanese, for example Thailandian books or Indian books, all much easier to eastern thought: but Siberian shamanism, Middle-Russian Christianism and "Eastern"-Russian Zen and Tao menthality, which are all connected by common language and national identity - I don't speak much of russian, but sometimes I learn some more and I can talk about basic things, such as "hotshesh" for "do you want [this thing on your reach]")_.

_Please if you just wanted __this text___, do not read the following - it's already a related contemplation and context of mine and the context of mine, or the reality. I get through the visualization, it's meaning, and what is true at all, and my personal experience integrated into this; well if you like the consistency or synergy of logic - otherwise, it's the way I relate to the concepts and their causations.

Taoism: it uses visualization techniques. As a normal practicioner, I am apt to use certain techniques, while I take caution against using the others; for example, some might like to use needles for acupuncture - I do not like needles for myself; I do train mentally and physically in a way, which activates the acupuncture points (with sharp, nice pain) and I do enjoy understanding more and more about those relations in the body. Thus, I might be "suspectible" about such things, while I cannot consider that any other man would not make health by this technique, and rather avoid mine - this means, for example, they know very well how their skin is recovering; but for example, I do not avoid little wounds like some others might do.

For visualization: take my personal precaution that first, I have the "zero energy" practice of not using external forces, and I try to rely on karmic effects much more than force - a settled karmic structure. For example, I rather let bad relationships go to bankcruptcy than using the "Christian force" of pressuring each person to pay me evenly; for me, I like the "naive" attitude of "good expectation", where I walk away not easily before it's very obvious that there is nothing to get - I am not paid. This, because I am apt to use slow progression methods of life instead of short-time rewards; for example, I do not like certain stages of capitalism, but I have been listening them very well, letting them to ruin the relationship - in case I would have done it mine, I would not have the consequence; this is my "sinus method" or "sine method", the "sin meditation" of body and mind: I judge less, and I weave the karmic web. Do not forget: if you judge early, then by your mistakes, you let others weave your karmic web, and you do not pay much for the karma to take effect; while for weak and short-sighted, this might work to "live socially", it also creates unprecedented non-differentiation - sometimes, the capitalist would even reason better than instead of guessing who should get the money from bank, they could just distribute it evenly and expect some to succeed (this is a kind of culture revolution in tradition of Stalin and Mao - if you are strong, you expect your supporters to win; moreover, it fits the Viking method and the Christian tradition for belief that God would win; I am not trying to label Stalin as good as I'm a non-labelling person - rather, I point out the learnable facets in this particular case for indeed, if any one was sent to Siberia or killed by lies of people, and without actual repression of their slaves, I am very interested about how to avoid such incidences; for example I am accused myself for example "in this special case, methods of Stalin would work in Capitalism", such as provoking my free will; so even in my case, it's actually a question whether the methods of Stalin would work under certain conditions, and he needs to be proven that he was under uncertain conditions, whatever that means).

In Taoist methods: Visualization is ought to be a way to imagine body structures, characteristics and dynamics in simplified way a human could understand easily; you also learn to do it in real time - such as imagining a ball in your hands, where your muscle structures are kept in posture that they would fit a ball. Inside us, the mechanics allows to simulate external objects or create compability thereof, thus an efficient visualization would also connect this with imaginary external objects.

In my own method, each visualization needs to be "real", and I do not visualize, but I do go far with my senses. For example, Buddha would suggest to visualize chakras as rotating wheels, but I have sensed chakra functions around my body, moreover in much more complex structures, and the line is as blurred as the line between forest and your garden without a wall around it or the lake from a river - or whether your heart is a little organ in center of left and right, or is it the larger system of veins and arthers mostly on left side of it (as many other relative things, I have seen this matter "corrected", but then "non-corrected" vocabulary is used in another book - do not use overtones correcting relative matters, such as 9 chakras or 144000 chakras instead of 7 in not such an innovation, but we have high complexity of energy body, which is described in very simplified and readable form by Buddha - there are times I have to refresh my memory about *7 chakras*, after some idle years of relating to this). In my method, I do train my senses to grasp the reality and it's a very slow manner to reach to the point given by visualization - I really fear programming into my body different kinds of associations with sun over my head, symmetric circles in my body, or deep love where there is none.

For more common Taoist method, as you can find in books given herein, the visualization is very reasoned by the case that visualizer does actually understand that it's a simplified visualization. What this means, like in magic, where you could program certain symbols or codes into you: you create a good understanding of your actual body by signs. While I avoid associations and triggers, which do not come directly from the reality, this could be considered either my strength or my weakness - at the same time, I have visualization experiences from childhood, so I have been *playing* with these.

From another aspect, one might disprove my avoidance of self-programming by several cases:
- From aspects of different training, a person whose associations do not get confused with their senses, might see themselves as stronger than me in this sense of using efficient visualization; they would be over my problem.
- We do not feel our body directly and anything our body builds on it's own for us to sense, is actually kind of visualization - the data of our bodies involves much more precise details, such as actual math of physics and chemistry. For example, while we are "moving our hand", the body is replacing tired muscles with fresh ones, finding alternative muscles to fit our effort, or even following directly the goal instead of doing certain movement; it's also faking - it's creating movements, which are visually and practically the same we sense, but actually where the effort is smaller, so the body is doing some magic to emulate us the world we intent (for example, it can replace our exercise hiddenly with another similar movement or with exercise, which is needed to prepare to ours - it does not even hint us). We have distributed brains over the body and the central nervous system is at "high frequency" or generalization and simplification - we do not control the actual physical evidence and the body often follows a practical case of our idea instead of trying to execute the details we imagine.
- Not least: if you visualize the system you develop, before it's actually working, or the emotion before you have tissues to actually feel it (emotions do not need single muscle, but they need a muscle to be unified with tissue system, a complex of smaller muscles, which keep it safe and also work closer to cellular level, such as massage and enabling of local organs to work - internal massage is a heavy purpose of health and we generally refer people as "civilized" if their rough and robust muscle system is integrated into tissue network instead of floating alone in dangerous emptiness - tissues are a small network of organic structures with muscular abilities; most organs have certain degree of movement).

This way, I will be resolving Taoist methods to follow my own guidelines, but for each person, who is developing their methods: I do not suggest following me, because of the easy case where I change my methods based on situations, goals and abilities; for example, as a child I had vivid imagination and I turned this into strong visualization - I can tell you this kind of magic could be an efficient life work and for example, I cannot astral travel because of this lack of ability, but astral travelling and dream control (my childhood capability with big pleasure as well) are very good abilities. To help you with this independence, I do not introduce here the things I use instead of visualization to better reflect my natural flow for Buddhism not Taoism does not encourage you to be me more naturally - I have suffered from impersonating misconception that I did choose a deep and better method for myself, since I am not good and I do not follow the principles of goodness - namely, I have not compared you and me, the different methods, to compete over some specific resources with you; the people I respect, they often have to do with stillness and void, but they make me excited rather with their unique skills and journeys, where people like me could do their thing on their own (if they are good, I often share their materials based on reading the titles - believe it or not, but with people who think just like me and make "the same" discoveries, I scroll through the titles only to see that topics are covered, and I read certain chapters; while with people different from me I study their work and enjoy what is the dream world for me, what is the thing I do not believe - for a mystician, this is the real pleasure to see things you do not believe, and to cope with unknown you cannot repeat or reproduce; notice it's a criminal activity to show hopes and beliefs about those high potentials, and to tell them about your failures and bigger efforts, for example police could be impersonating your method of getting rich, claiming that people start moving by money and ruining their lives - it's far more interesting, and should be our light, what a realist would do on this, following your warnings and not trying to be "in there").

__The following: it's a geniune play of words, so please do not read it in case you think I use literal words; or that any literal words are killed or abused in process of making the following work.__

Warning: for criminal activities of hope, belief and understanding, you should express yourself in common languages and take measures that you are not understood wrong; for with this, each person who believes they would do more realistic non-karmic magic or winner's attitude with your karmic magic and actual experience. Where you succeed, many people who have "winners attitude", who have overcome their self-pity, feelings of inferiority etc., they would find many promises of the ultimate ideal from your methods, which more probably solve a particular purpose in realistic way and might fit you; for example, I believe in miraculous world, methods which resolve many obstacles, just like an infinite source of possibilities for additional progress - I believe it happens in each sphere of the world. Here, a criminal mind might believe in goodness in all this: I am not good, I not not believe that infinity is not exhaustible or that my good intention would produce karmic superiority; rather, new experiences create excitement of the possibilities, but among all the others: we have seen so many miracles, innovations, revolutions and competitions, even olympic winners, but we struggle in dukkha and run out of resources with infinite potential; what seems like overcoming the laws of nature, will soon get boring and disappoint the idea that it would revolutionarly remove our life effort. I have found many new ideals, ways to get far away - none of them get me further than taking slowly a few steps towards destination, and with hard work hoping to get a little further in my lifetime. We know enlightened people, yogis, prophets, innovative technologies, big cities and empires, enlightened rulers and kings, so much higher ethics: each of these things is limitless, undepletable potential, and none of these things has magically solved our life problems in a manner that we could not learn from our ancestors or would not have any effort, rather it's hard and slow progress to cope with rules of the city or to learn from a master; blessing of a saint might do a miracle, but it does not do this miracle that you are not going to work each day for food, good sleep and having comparable relationships with your unique friends. Those who were so much the winners, so much over it, will be so disappointed that they become Christians: God will give them some, they are fucked for their goodwill.

I am evil Viking - I recognize demons as natural forces to get along with, for the math itself is ruining me with plain truth; I sit in illusions as I do not have anything better; and I am a definite loser - however far it gets me, it's just a beginning of that road of my new friends, who could be ignorant for this or that skill. When I made this 6th and last level, I find a book which states that 6th level is so low that it's actually not a part of their system.

Viking fact: when you lost your battle, you can not accuse others nor yourself as none of them could help you - it's not the sin, neverthless. If you think you won it, you are in tavern in the middle of the way, thinking that world is flat body with beginning and end. Anything bad which happened to you is your bad karma - anything, which happens to others to make them pained for not resolving your karma, is their bad karma of their own way, not yours. When you are asked to fulfill your promise, you can see they failed theirs to live. For a Viking, the real loser is the Viking culture - go and learn something else, follow that which defeats you for real, but only if it's the essential you of the rule. Christians are so happy that they won us - we are lucky as well (viva la Swederland, nos Christian crusador).

Notice my idea that I also include Viking, Russian etc. cultures instead of having only the "multicultural" nations - such as Swedish or the one of Pushkin. Sometimes I think even the european center is resolving too much with muscle fighting.

My zen, tao through the glasses of Viking:
- Good and Bad: yes it's so bad, it's so sad; it has been forever and forever will be. Good, in bad, is so bad - as the bad is killing themselves, for the life is good. When I want to work, to progress, to contribute: I see the misery around what is good, what is bad, what is better, what is worse, who should be punished or rewarded; life itself is better in punish and reward - we should not judge. There are two rules - do not judge, and do not fall back into evolution (the natural choice). Where it feels good if it's possible, and bad if it's not possible: but it feels Buddhist if it's neither possible nor not possible. Viking, where it's not possible, and where there is conflict, and where they fail - Viking loves victory, bless, the high society and good life; this is the love - but in reality, when my project turned into war, into the emotions and battles about the money I estimated, into the hate that I could earn this by IT: I saw my "partners" giving up where the bad arrived, but for me, as a Viking, I did not seek victory - I seeked the natural flow, and who is becoming a fighter, thinking it's not that now, losing the peaceful go, only because it's a war; good and bad: yes, but war is natural - one can accuse the conflict, accuse the evil and good, accuse who wanted bad or who failed with good, and one can take responsibility or do it anyway - but why don't you think you could just work well for the good and evil, fail when you fail, and resolve the legal issues as they arrive; legality - it can be attacked by the police, by the law, by the bosses, even by the owners of the company, but in the end: it either wins, or it's your natural loss in the way of bigger victories, from those who are bigger than you, and from those who are further than you. And if it all would lose: is this any of your problem? Did you just dream to survive, to win, to enjoy it being mysteriously logical? You might think the good wins in the end - this is very true, but it's not very true that the end would come in it's own; rather we find a good tavern, a nice sun, some food, and the deserts, seas and forests, the annoying tension in our muscles and minds, when we progress towards the end. I believe the good would win in the end: but the good, perhaps, is so much better than me, that _it fails my criteria of goodness_; despite "wanting the good", perhaps I am weak, all my reality is weak, and the Satan would banish us all - this is tragical if you do it all only because the good would win; this is a tragedy if you would support the people and follow their goodness, and not think like Viking, that the legal case is normal and paid by heavens, where the work would be paid by earth - for the Viking paradox, a true winner is ready to die, just because they could be killed, and for nothing more or for nothing deeper.
- Better and worse: the people compare, and they want to choose better chances and better people; they think I need to prove myself, and that they need to prove themselves. They are pretending, and they are fighting for my good emotion. This is a sensory desire - to have this fantasy, to get the pleasure into it. In Reality, each of us is better, each of us is honoured, we do not make insults. In Reality - and real is what fulfills, as it's the Illusion, our road of failure -, each person is rewarded. We like so much to be real that we create this kind of hallucination - people move roughly, they want to fight, to protect their reputation; yes I see otherwise they fail among themselves, being like themselves. In this illusory world it's more real to be just you, and to just see others as they are, without this illusion - they fail even this, for they not think the better deserves and the worse does not. In absolute sense, better and worse does not exist - we are what we do, and what we share, and for not being able to lose, we would not be able to win, but even worse: we would not be able to follow the Tao, follow the Zen. This is not counted by money, whether you deserve it - it's not the from that number, you be bad, and under that number, you be loser. In equality, we would get too much, or deserve too few - in reality, we need to keep the circle running, the wheels on their way, and as long as the ship is slowly moving, we should not care about the bigger and smaller vessels around. Only tell me what you got what I did not, if you want me to get it, or to work on it; only tell me what you did not get what I have, if you want my good advice, supporting those who got it. The funny lament around getting and not getting, where it's absolutely confusing who is who and why you do all this - now when I saw, they laught me for being poor, and they are angry for not getting my riches, but why they cannot pay me for what I give and just walk away if what I ask is too much? Me, a poor man, for definite sure: I am not their society. And them, for fighting too much on their rights: they could be many, but where I am guilty for creating so much, or being so effortless in this, for me to get worse score in school only _after_ they hear it took only 5 minutes: well they cannot be my society, for where I survive in time passed a long time ago, I would be insulted to be compared by the tax system; for I did not get any quality work for long - this 10 years has been very productive for me, enabling me to give a lot, and to receive a lot, but this prison of receiving a few from what calls themselves a righteous society, a tax payer - well I did not learn to help them, where they did not need my own work, but only the tasks I gave, and for them I have done so simple work - for ten years; but my own work is so much into the future - I do not believe they are left behind, for such tax payer who did not get anything from me to pay for it, in *their world* I have done so few, and in *their world* I am so small - in *their world* I am not left behind, but even suspressed; then look at their eyes: in *their world*, it's a crime to tell me how much they lost of my potential, of what I gave, because what I gave was not what they asked, but what they demanded; and who they compare with - I gave for free, and for free means I was free to walk on my way to give it, as they were free to not ask it, and they were free to express their emotion. For the good is not free to express themselves - for the good it's so unfair to not get it that they attack me, but it's so unfair if I do my own thing that they need to make plans; for this work is done, it's not any other work, and it's not my case to be good. The good asks from me, fights with me to get, demands and they can keep their own to themselves, as it's so unfair to support a genius for what you can not confirm, for what is less than they give to the brilliant; if, for people, it was unfair to give you the little things - the goodness is still fighting to get their part. It's not so evil to ask from the genius, without giving - so the genius, indeed, needs to be evil and not fair, for the good does not like it.

In this: what is real, what is virtual? In my language, to avoid the good and bad, fighting so blindly all around that to define these words, they become in reverse and the paradox; I say Gaad - from o to a, it's my conception of logic, logecs, which does not reach decisions about good or bad, or whether the good or bad is proper. For example police: they won't do bad by putting you in prison, and they just wanted the best if they did wrong - you are bad if you insult them just for being stupid, for they wanted to be good. The same time you could be paranoid. Official of Hitler could not be bad if they only followed an order, because a loser is not bad - but a loser, for Viking, is also not a friend, but rather the betrayer, the one who gives away: do not read this sentence literally, logically, unless you do not have any hate or irritation about the conflicts you got; it's not my idea that this sentence means anything in terms, or against good and bad - if you tell me about the war, *solve it*; if you tell me that *reality got it wrong* - sorry but I cannot help you, I am sure you are right so do not tell me I am wrong, but I am as sure I won't do it right; because to do it right, in the wrong world - is to give up. Just give up on me and go away because you are good if you tell me that war and the conflicts are bad: but the next best thing, tell me they are not there; if the war and conflict are there, it's really not logical, none of them is logical - so proof of *anything* ends with false assumption? If the whole situation is simply a false assumption, the victories and losses do not follow - but even if you now *understand me*, even if you now see *something ethical* in this, I have to tell me: my life is not something ethical, and I am not *so interested* about what is ethical; I am only interested about what I can do about it, and I want to walk away if you gave up about me - I don't want to hear how good it would be, for us to be friends, and how broken you are if we are not. Resolution for conflict, for Viking, is not so big yelling, failing, demanding for better outcomes. A businessman told me: he does not care about all this input, but only what he practically gets - if I fail, he won't pay; this is the goodness, this is like Viking, so I _should_ now appreciate them - this one is not the logic of conflict, because when he thinks like this, when I fail, I am a loser and I should ethically understand them; they say with smile, then. So, when I can do it, I come back for next opportunity? So lucky if there is not paradox, but notice: if I failed them, they also failed me. I have two places in this paradgraph, where you can see a solution - for each sentence, there is something without paradox. Well these solutions are not without paradox - the _solutions_ are without paradox, but the _solutions_ are like goodness: why you think they exist? Why you think it's suddenly true that from not being this, being that would follow? Who gave you such a "dead reality", which would still somehow fit the correctness of outcomes, in any terms you could give it?
- What follows, is Dukkha: see my theorems of incompleteness.

In this broken reality, Vikings live, they sing, they work, and they die; they follow to those, who died.

Herein, building your virtual reality, notice one thing: for many people, if it's not logical, not resolving, not without a conflict or a legal battle; if it's the experience that the good still failed, despite of each moral victory - we could be giving up. We could think we are not in reality: where my logic failed, the future crashed, and instead of the future just a bad tension vibrated in my mind, things were broken and not resolvabe: even, if I do not resolve it now, it would not be resolved in my future, and I could not see the resolution; to solve it, somewhere I exist in this not being resolved. And no matter what - it's not so *guaranteed* that the reality, especially mine, would resolve or make up anything at all. So much give up the belief here, telling that perhaps it's hope, pehaps everybody is promising too much, perhaps they should just reach to anything good around them, like hungry ghosts, and run away; perhaps they should get the money, car and the house, because anything bigger could fail; perhaps they could live each day as if it was the only one. This is where Vikings succeed and fail - instead of succeeding, which might not be realistic, or failing, which might not be needed or deserved; where so many close their eyes, we open our eyes: yes the reality, indeed, it's filled with symmetries of good and bad, it's filled with paradoxes, which turn them around around and around. Through all this, we could try to end our suffering, the bad thoughts and the nightmares, to see the good reality, where we could work and survive. For Vikings it's far simpler: despite it's paradox, despite you did not get guarantees, despite the people irritate, misunderstand and agitate you: work and survive. When you work and survive - do not think you would work and survive; and when you fail to work and survive, either by it being impossible or wrong: do not think it's not real. In oracles, I saw future getting dark, things falling apart - actually, I did not see this, the oracle itself lost the good manner of truthful reality, it was just the feeling of bizarre unreasoned stupidity and weakness ..for this, I could think I saw it wrong - but this headache, this unordered chaos and lack of proper vision, this fits into what followed. Thus, it was the proper vision, despite lacking any vision at all - you look for solutions, you tell this even to me; but why your belief needs belief? For belief of Christ - we see him believing to the end, yet to die on the cross is nothing to believe; to die on a cross - is this a vision? Is this a prophecy? Is this how the good wins or the belief succeeds? You could see the big picture, contemplate how many lives were there of Vishnu or Shiva: you could say it's in the prophecy. But to see it more closely: is the life of christ, on it's own, as a separate life like yours - is it any good? Did it achieve it? Was it meaningful for him himself, in this very life? Didn't him, if the good is awarded, just lose it all? Talking about winners and losers - writing this, so many times I felt so many of you complaining, about how the winner steals, about how the loser fails you, about how you are in the middle and in the best part not being a winner and not deserving a loss - in all this, I just state that story of christ is not a loser story, and story of a man with house and a car, living to "normal death", is not a story of a winner; moreover - if you are telling of good and bad, reaching good and bad with my sentences, proving that you are good and "understanding" my text and that you do understand me, you could be just pissing me off. For the following:

In my text, there is not the thing that I understand it; there is not the case that I say no to good and bad, in this habitual measurement - just to say that it's good to be without good and bad. No, it's not good, nor bad, to be without good and bad: there exists good and bad, and you do understand me wrong if you want to avoid them; I do not avoid conceptions of good and bad, nor being on side of good, nor believing it would win. I do not avoid this failure.

What I do avoid: when people see in my eyes, how much more I think I should be or do, where I am not happy with my failure - they say a man is happy with what they got, for they would ask too much otherwise, or for whatever reason; I am not that good and that sacrifice, indeed my emotion is realistic, so good or bad, and indeed do not jump into my life to get something and to tell me I would ask this way; do not introduce your goodness and your broken heart if I want more than you can give - I do want more than you can give, and some of what I want is to get rid of the givers, for I shall give and receive, I shall think it's not much what you gave and you could be happy if it's not much what I give. I do not live the life I deserve - I live the life of change, the life of dreams and disappointments, the life I make up every day, and I do not care about your karmic activity to get me towards where I am - my life has been changing up and down, and I do not care about the help of many, but it's not that I want to help you to be good - it's not that I want to say thanks anyway, it's not that I want to make you happy for giving me the way that you passed by without attacking me or that you gave me one bread, one cake, which should be treasure for poor; you cannot be so good if you know what I think about what you gave, nor can you be so bad - if you jump around and lament about my realistic vision of my own life, my ambivalent feelings of what I got, then know - it's not good and bad, it's the rainbow of feelings, intents and changes, and better do your work instead of getting me into all these judgements, into judging people who judge, into getting out of the paradox. For Viking, the conflicts do not have resolutions - they only have people who need resolutions. You count "yes", you count "no", you become greedy and attack me with your understanding once you have stopped on some "yes", on some "no" - for example, if there is no good and no bad, how it could be bad to think there is good or bad? How it could be bad to stand against thinking there is good or bad? How could you accuse me in sentences, which are good and bad, when I have not seen good and bad to compose these sentences? You are looking for good and bad in my eyes - everything you find is your own madness, since my eyes are like holograms: reality, in it's flow, is passing by, and each good or bad is an illusion. And I could see you coming back and telling I promised you I do not tell you of good and bad, and looking into my eyes, and translating this to good and bad; telling that it's good what I'm doing, for me, and thus I am addicted to good or bad - no, sorry, it's not my good thing to overcome good and bad, it's not what I do for you: I see nothing bad in my free use of conceptions "good" and "bad", in comtemplation of how the "good" would win; in my battles for good, or acceptance of ignorance.

Each time I saw I could tell you something *meaningful* to provoke a feeling that you did understand me - my heart got pain. I did not see anything right or wrong, but it's a painful feeling of your ignorance. Rather, what I need to tell:
- Each time you feel compassion towards me; each time I tell how bad I got it, I see the feelings in your eyes, you tell me you understand, perhaps you want to do something or you want to hate me as you don't want to do something - you want to angrily attack me for the good would need you to do it. When I'm sick, attacked, lost the work or the reputation: in each case you got many feelings, if I tell you or you hear it you are shaking your body, breaking your nerve cells, you are getting older and weaker and you are doing this to me, for bringing you the conflict or the paradox. Well, I am just going on and I do not want this understanding - I want understanding of truth, of the force and the flow, I want the work and the growth, the education, transportation, cooking, gentleness and many things; I do not want to be broken with you, to feel the emotions shaking up and down and telling they do not know what to do - I can be sick, hurt and hopeless, being good and still losing, which is no position for belief or faith or happiness, even no position to still be sane - I said I want to work, live, survive, love; I want to even hate the evil, yes, but I do not want your hystery where you are good person towards me, but obviously there is not much to do. I do not want to hear about your pains, to help your feelings of worthiness and understanding that it's going on, your helpful character, or to make you feel that you are still doing your best - to make it sure, I don't want it even when I'm dying, or when it's absolutely unequal. I do not want to see your mind and body breaking up for the illogical, irrational, evil and non-equal reality, and I do not want you to help my mind to remain together. You think I would steal, that I would fall, that I would fail - you think it all means something. I tell you truth: to fail with no reason, with best intent; to break your health or heart, to go away or to die, this *does not have any reason* and it *does not break my own flow, even if the flow is broken* - but it makes me tired if you are shaking your body and mind in good and bad, and telling your broken sentences. For in the Viking way, there is no actual reason, why all the life should be resolving, and there is no guarantee that in this ocean storm, the waves themselves would bring us to the coastline - logic itself is so that the reality then, to be logical, will give us the solution; thus you are shaking your body and mind, once the solution is not there, and vibrating the case that now you, too, are broken. Make your mind still, be silent, pay attention, do what you can and don't shake this broken dance that you cannot - I *do not care that you cannot help me* and *you waste my time expressing the sadness of this, because I know it myself* - *for yes it's sad if you cannot do it for me, it's also sad if I won't pay you for this, but there are so many things you can do - just walk around, help somebody, eat something, sleep and relax, do all those things, but don't invite me into struggles with this broken reality; by law of Dukka: reality **is** broken and you could do none*.

So what is magic? You do not know the answer, but this won't stop you going - it's still your way, there is some Zen and Tao, and each person who is jumping with your failure and yelling how many dangers and how you would be mad and hurt you with these failures; yes those people need to sleep in bed, they need to eat, and they need to survive - indeed, if they fail a little, they attack others, they become useless, and if others fail a little, they attack others and think of their uselessness. For your success and failure, they all come and do something; for seeing you better or worse, they come and do something. The reality is different - when you fail, you can look for Zen and Tao, and when you see good and bad in you and the others, better and worse you get or compare to others, this is not the particular case - the case is, what can be done, following Zen and Tao. You think there is promise of goodness in this - while Viking does not see paradox in conflict, failure, success, good, bad, better, worse; a Viking does not resolve your paradox - even, I cannot resolve that you would not be Viking here, or that you would not follow Zen and Tao. I can just point out: the reality is not that logic, it's not to be measured for it's success and failure, for the reality can succeed or fail, but you can only go on.

I would mention: yes that paradox does not _feel_ like a paradox for me, rather the pained eyes of people, seeing my trouble and being unable to help; the hate of them if I'm silent instead of shaking the emotion, body and mind with them and repeating the "unsolvable", "still good will" etc. Why I am not providing the solution for you? You would think there is problem, the pain and you can not resolve it - if I give you solution, you will not solve it and I will still be your friend. No it's not logical at all: you would not solve it and I would not be your friend anyway, while the friendship is logical, I like to choose my friends - I would not like to provide friendship as a "solution to paradox", for as I said, the paradox is there, not the "solution", and this broken vibration along with the negative, bad feelings - all I want to say is that then you are *broken*. For this, now with your binary logic, for many of you - you would think the solution is to not be *broken*. Yes, the solution is not to be broken, but you forget: it's a problem, a paradox, not a solution, and it exists in the real world; if you fail with me, indeed our friendship would be broken. In terms of good and bad, if our friendship is broken, you think you need to walk away, to give it away like Zen - for me, I do not care much anyway, my broken relationships are not that much broken at all. What I want to say - you are looking for "logical solution", but understand the word "solution" would expect the time to end, the world to end - then, the world and life are the problem, and the end is the solution. Thus, as the time goes on, it flows through many things, but not necessarily solutions - I do not want your "aha" feelings at all, I do not want you to understand this explanations: I did not explain it. For me, the paradoxes appeared, they made pain; perhaps this paradox appears and makes pain, perhaps my life gets broken and shakes of emotion, mind and body; perhaps it's *not that right*.

The more logical solution is this: perhaps, if you think in terms of good and bad, instead of this text, you get your money, car and wife, and you keep them. Simply because it's good. If you think my text was a solution, that you saw the light somewhere, that you can tell me you understand - you can *not* tell me you understand, it's *not* my purpose here to understand, or to make you understand. I will not award you for this; and I will not penaltize you solely for failing to understand - there is a karmic consequence in this understanding, in this explanation, and it's an interesting karmic cycle, but following it is not being awarded by somebody special, or high, who would pay people - this kind of person, in a sense, would be a good person, and the person, who does not award you, would be a bad person. If you do not make me feel bad by lacking Tao and Zen, the chances are that I would become your friend, or that I would walk away; the chances are that it would be smoother, or that it would be harder to overcome. But unfortunately, you would not convince me much into giving you something - it's not necessarily a reward, and moreover it's not necessarily what you earn; it's not necessarily that I care. It's not necessarily that I want you to become more enlightened, because as you get more enlightened, you would see it's not a solution at all - you could fail to understand it's not a solution at all, to understand that the solution is not a solution at all; it's not even a lack of solution. And definitely, I would not like or love you more just because you are enlightened, and I might not want to become your friend - perhaps, instead, I would believe in you and ask straight for favour I would not give back, and insult you if you want a favour yourself, because why not? Could this be bad if you overcome good and bad? It's not my intent to be better for those, who are over good and bad - for in different people, I see different potentials, and another person, maybe she is a good wife, or maybe she is just a girl who can cook; perhaps I just want food and I don't want any enlightened people - perhaps, she is not enlightened at all, but I just know how to treat her. Perhaps, you are enlightened so much, but I see no way to help you, pehaps we just don't fit - because, why not? If you are enlightened, why should I not be free? Why should this not be paradox? Paradoxes do not end - if there is a paradox here, somewhere should be a solution; but what, in reality, in this fluctuation of atomic particles, would guarantee that it's not your illusion, that it's not just a paradox to the end? What would say that then, you should not follow Zen and Tao? To think that I want to explain you, that I want to help you, that I suddenly relax down and get along because you understood me or made the effort to become so much better - this is all good, except that I am not good; I am the flow in the dark clouds.

Unlike so many fairy tales, where good wins - the many stories of Viking, where good wins so much more than evil; it's the statistics: so unfair, but not *all* the fairy tales end for victory of Goodness. To contemplate, which fairy tales I _love_: I love the fairy tales, where the Good ends. And for the sake of understanding, I _love_ the world, which gave me the ones, which end badly - I could _cry_ after those stories, where it fails so miserably. This is the nature of _love_ and _hate_, this is the nature of reality we live in; for the _love_ is not good or bad - it simply is what it is. This is the nature of my _love_ to _love the Good_, and this is the nature of my _hate_ - to not give a shit. Almost every day I go to toilet and do shit, but rather than doing shit, I enjoy only that it's done - this is the nature of _pleasure_. I _love_ eating, because food is good, and I do not _love_ the bad food: each emotion should be where it belongs, and while it's the nature of the reality that stories end in different ways - for a Viking, to live in reality, is to _understand_ this, not to _love_ this, for this is the nature of _understanding_. We need to do our best for what is real, and we need so much of the sacrifice still doing the good in the story, which ends so badly - to still have the _honour_ when we are _sick_, when we _fail_, when we _die on the battlefield_ - in each case, our mind would not get broken.

I am looking into my future and I do so much to survive - to have even bigger infinity, even better stories.

The Christ could be seen as an _enemy_ as he told the story of good and bad, and even better - a story of _truth_ and _power_. He told us there is _weakness_ and there are _lies_ in God, and opposition of _nature of God_, and this opposition divides God into God and Satan, into what resembles our _good_ and _bad_ angel: it's so much asked, when God is Spiritual, high and proper, why he created _material reality_, the nature of _yin_? Because the _Tao_ is in _yin_ and _yang_: the God would not love his _weakness_ and _lies_, nor would he persist them; we could explain this in free will, but free will of who? We could explain it in punishment, but punishment of who? Each principle exists, and the reality is like a logic puzzle - to solve a logic puzzle, we calculate through victories and losses, through deductions and inductions; to prove the truth, we combine each of the lies opposing it, and we see we can express a higher opportunities where the reality blends the good and bad, and insults our most sacred beliefs, even our deepes loves turning into illusions, and our _letting go_ of those loves turning into _forgiveness_, and the _forgiveness_ into _ten thousand disappointments_. In this fluctuations through the emotions we created, we let them die - just as God, we turn our abstract, ideal, metaphysical love into a mundane reality, where the love would lose it's colors, leave us empty and bored, giving away our wovs; where the Christ warned against persisting wovs - a wov, if proper, gives us the reason every day for giving it again; I would betray you as often as the reality would betray my wovs, and I would forgive it and relove you as often as I find the basis for the wovs; I would not win for each case. In this world of emotions and truth, our life made of these - the emotions and truth would die, giving the bad the victories, insulting us and breaking our hearts. From our _emotions of love and hate_, where we fall into love, and we stay calm in hate, and reasoned without reason: for there is no reason for hate. There is no reason to create a material world if you could stay in spiritual dream, floating through one after another. Others say it's for _understanding_ - after _experience_, we do _understand_.

I would say, creation of material world is a _matter of fact_: for the good is true, and the good is reasoned; then, the bad is a _matter of fact_. The matter is made by fact, and the matter is not made by ideals - our ideals, then, are not about the fact. Where the bad wins: are we then helping it? Did the bad get our cars, wives and money so that we could serve the Satan? Yes, a Viking is good with the God, good with an Angel, good with the Satan and good with a demon - for each of them is in it's proper place. I then give my finger to satan, as he takes my hand; and I listen my own demons, as they speak the truth. I could be so realistic to get along with my devils not for the sake of the bad, but for the sake of the reality: for what I am but a devil to someone? For what I am than who kills the insect in toilet at will, and who kills a little animal without will just running on a grassfield? For what is a demon, if not my teacher - once so hated, but in the end of experience, now getting stronger and seeing the _meaning_ in it; where the bad thing itself: it did not want my solutions but appeared into my life for the consequence less than a goal; for if I look with realistic eyes: if it was so bad, it was not really so good in the beginning; for what I saw as wishful dream was noting but _lack of experience_; for that I should _stand like a gentleman_, _stand like a Viking_: for the _experience is a Victory_.

In the material world, the progress towards dreams is _substancial_; and in the ideal world, the existence of this dream is _essential_ - and for nothing is completely material, nor completely spiritual. For the God is _truth itself_, and the truth is: in our journey closer to ideals, the spiritual and material principles exist: the Dukkha, the Incompleteness exists, and while we like good dreams and blindly avoid some nightmares, love the pleasure and blindly ignore some pain of the real trouble. For if the God is but logic, but the logic creates both good and bad in it's purest nature: the logic is the free will of God, who loves the creative solution and victory of goodness, vibrating this by each sake of his goodwill. For as much as the God is fundamental, he is the Love for Good, and for as much the God is absolute, he is the Reality of Bad; and for which the principles can be separated: is the feeling of Satan the feeling of self-Love of God, or rather not? Does he identify by Satan? We could see separate identities as I am not my failure so deeply, I'm my failure only so deeply that I cannot touch it or change it; I have to _understand_ and _experience_ it, and to _fight_ against it; and I have to get bored and see the failure of my victories even before they come. God is so substantial that he could have created the world that is real, instead of not creating the world, which is _illusory_ as Good - then, the goodness could be the illusory existence, but then isn't the illusion bad?

For Christ did tell about good and bad, and about power and truth: for he needed to tell us the truth. For his whole life, for his fundamental conception: he illustrated this with the victory of bad, followed so slowly by victory of good that it rather resembles a belief of an atheist, a belief of growth of civilization rather than victory of good - something so probable that a genius would win, or that that which is godly, would evenly win. Could he make his pain and disappointment undone, or save these people even from their history and the memory of it? Telling us of the __Victory of Good__, of the __Armaggedon__; he told then the bad would win all the history, so many lifetimes of things we permanently lost - so many dreams, which failed? The __Armaggedon__ defeated all the lives, loves, and dreams of evil, and to ruin all their hopes; then we call it the __Victory of Good__: but what remains, is a long history of stories, where so many were so hopeful, so beautiful that they were expected to last; they were so centrally important for these people or for all of us: after __Armaggedon__, would we say that now our hearts would not broke because of a sad end of this, so realistic, fairy tale? Would we be complete - isn't this bad if we now overcome the sad ends of so beautiful stories, seen so important and central, so thoughtful? Can we now say: they were for good purpose, thus good? Or would the God, despite being simply another name for the logic of absolute, and another sould for the logic of fundamental: in the absolute, dead cold logic we could call matter, or matter of fact, and the fundamental, living and warm dream we could call spirit, or the spirit of all - we can never say that this, now, is all good; that we live in a history without that shame. Even if they were bad - but they ought to be good, they had the moment of sad feeling when they felt they cannot do this; or when they felt they would die - or did not them love their families, the Romans, who killed Christ? Are the unwritten books and unloved oves of Christ there forever, isn't this an unique story with central importance? Would we not fall again, into the same story, once we recover from the paradox? We see that this paradox will remain, and there will be something bad in this - if not in the future, then in the history; and once there existed bad - how can we be sure there will not be even bigger bad to come, even more clever than our goodness of the future? In this heaven, can we be sure there will be no wars - is the heaven with no wars the one of our reality, or the one of our illusions? The Christ died innocent: yet he told this is the story for us, to learn about the victory of good.

Christ did not tell us the good and bad exists: he gave us the framework to understand good and bad, and while it might be hard to see God's consequence of bad, we can see in the story that it exists - however we look, the bad exists in this good. The Truth itself does not involve bad - in Spirit, it's not a dead matter, but it's our desire for the Victory, and the Victory is much more complicated than good, but eventually it does not meet the definition of good that the victory is not good - it's a Victory of something, in the end; but it's also the constant progression of karmic force: the winner, then, is synonymous of the good, because the good itself is our ability to persist, to meet each and final test of the time; where the final test is a repeating factor, which repeats and repeats - in this _limit value_, we see the Victory of Good. That, which dies, is not so good, but that, which survives, will survive: the fact that we survive, we give it a name of good. We see so many principles, which die, and we see the survival of that, which would _love_ and _nurture_, that which would _support_ others - it's the survival of the good. As well as there is Truth, there are Lies: not in the logical principle, the dead matter, but our spirit; our spirit falls into delusion of lies. We believe those lies, thus there exists the principle of Lies, thus the principle of Satan - from all these lies, if he cannot speak, express and symbolize, if we cannot envision Satan as a creature, the complete network of the failure of Truth; but as Satan recognizes itself as such, in our minds and in the mind of god: this recognition of oneself as a demon, then, turns Satan into a tricky problem-solver: we can see him unconsciously killing a loving couple, but as it's consciousness grows, from it's existence - as it evolves -; we see the very same Satan, if not different by this enlightenment, punishing the ones, who killed the loving couple, or guiding us towards the cure. Your demon is telling lies to you - but you could be ignorant and not listen; you need to pay attention to your demon as well, for the demon is in pain, the demon would accuse you in their birth and punish you without giving up, surviving in more clever way; with your final solution - is an illusion as nothing is a solution; the demon is a real force, the force of failure in progress of time and logic, it's the absolute and not fundamental. Moreover, it's part of your sould, not his soul, to be the life, expression and experience of the demon; and it's your ideal itself, against all the logic, which provides the reality where something is a demon: this part of soul, you need to illuminate, and this part of soul is your demon - either, you get along like a Viking, and you recognize that the demon, through this, turns you into a demon, the same person with your mistakes and failures, even able to express and stare at them. The logic is: finding a solution without being the same with the problem, but the problem is absolutely there; even with the most complex solution you can make up: it is an illusion. It is a false picture, the world without matter: God, not with Satan, would be a Delusion - another force would be God, with our world being an illusion of us dreaming of this beautiful picture without a consistent form. A God, then, is fundament - it's the dream, the future -, but not absolute - the past and the consequence. This ideal, if it's not the future, it's now: but in the calculation, hidden somewhere, being the prerequisite of the solution: there is the time, the history, with all the bad things happening; and suddenly, we find ourselves existing there. Did the God even create the Reality, or are we yet the shadows in the metaexisting past of this act of creation? The coordinate system could not be absolute, and the bad pasts seem like hallucinations - once the sun comes, we see the night, the cold and darkness, was simply a non-existing dream; and once it goes away - what will remain and does it not feel so far, so real? Does the demon, then, exist?

In story of christ, there are two of them:
- In ideal world, in very big scale and absolute development: in mind of Christ, we see the good winning. It's not the __Matter of Fact__, but fractally, it's the place where God is - it's the desire and the execution, it's what we _do_.
- In material world, we see the bad is winning: the Christ, seeding a seed of Love, Truth, Goodness, will be killed by the shadows. The books he is going to write, to make us westerners enlightenment: they will not be born. His Father alone is writing this story; and the Father is not good - the Father is the one of Apocalypsis, the one of the story of Noah, the one who Christ rejected as the Self of his Past; but now he is back - writing the Bible. Christ forgives - but then, the history does not, because it forgives to others, who rather did not support the death of the Christ ..but our good God - dead. We are left with many Gods, who flowered, but who were bad - going through wars, in future or their present, and we see the bad dying despite it's forgiven, thus the good being bad instead. So Christ did not want to kill them _now_ - he wanted to forgive ..but the principle of God, reappearing, left us the history of death of those, who did eat humans, or those, who practiced contrantature nature, such as the witches - this seems more like a consequence than free will, as everybody suffered so much to cure them. While good seems to win in the end: where is the principle that the bad did not win as well, or that it does not come back more clever?

For this: our faith should not depend on reason, on the victory of goodness; it should depend on our free will - without this being the consequence of random things, just as much as we want to eat and be awaken, for this purpose we sleep and shit; ignorant to these "bad things", we continue to pursue the good; we become sick or distracted, coming from our nature - our structure -, and we _be_ this sickness, this powerlessness, this stupidity or weak physical body; whatever we are, we have this goodness: we want to cure this. Towards others, we are left without paradox if they are in good condition as well, able to rule our worlds, to give us the opportunity. This is _faith_: in faith, the broken nature of reality does not let us just standing still, becoming broken ourself; while it's natural to get broken, to lose your way, it's the nature to eventually overcome this: and this does not depend on anything, it's not dependent, consequential force, but our free will. We say "God" for that vibration, which will remain - the vibration of Love, Truth, Power. Either we fight for God, or we fight for Love, Truth, Power - then, we cannot say we *do not* fight for that other thing; those are not part of our dead matters, such as 2\*2=4, but they are part of our spirit - such as we do the best thing with 2\*2=4, not thinking it's the end answer for reality. The pain, then, is a pleasure: 2\*2=4 is a matter which makes us to pain so many times, that the equation is almost equal to the pain - for that could be lack of 4€, or that would be force of two bullets; but it's a _solution_ and not the _problem_: if God _is_ the fact that 2\*2=4, such equation is not his problem, but his solution, in absolute sense - but the real solution here, _where to put this equation_, has the _problem of having these solutions_, and where God might have _great honour_ for 2*2=4, and be born out of it by his realistic mind and absolute math, he would have _love_ to optimize this solution among all the solutions, and get the consistent whole. This process, problem-solution aspects, as well as the direction of causality in the flow, fits the reality where incomplete solves into the complete: and it fits into our empirical reality, where the bad really exists, and thus when we can ask this _why_, it needs to be as Zen as to be excited of existence of bad rather than broken or lost by it; but if we ask _what_, we meet the existence of bad - if it's the God of reality, over the Time and Space into infinity of each dimension, and infinity of dimensions to appear, naturally, God would open into it's nature in time, and we reach hermetic principles of growth and opposition - the Mind of God, unfolding slowly, exists as a principle and force in the beginning, the force of the solution or the truth: but to speak of this full, materialized God means to take the limit value, to see God as a point in end of time, extending infinitely, and Satan as point in the beginning, the Ice Field - God, then, has the work to melt the Ice, as a principle of solution and truth, winning the force; but in this existence, time is almost not yet there. In terms of this spiritual and material growth, we can say the energy is constantly growing factor of reality, of it's actual fact: then, God, being the principle in the beginning and the governing force, is also the matter appearing in the end, and all our sad stories nothing but a pain of birth.

Truth is logical "yes", the "true", where the logical system resolves into this value; in this process and balance of the solution - the logic gets the paradox, principle of incompleteness or dukkha, where the consistent solution actually leaves many variables to be "no", or "false"; we cannot avoid the proper, possible solution is having this fluctuation. So to assume God does not need material reality or Satan is to assume God is only the force of Soul, Spirit or Dream: but God is also the force of Mathematics, Logic, the Realistic Consistence; it's the complex driving force. For example if I would like to help everybody, but if I look at my body, my possibilities being me, and taking the full responsibility: me, being me, is exactly that part of the algorithm, which is me; God has free will, but also the determined consequence: as He is giving the best solution, who am I, solely depends on myself, and thus I can be Buddhist giving this paradox to God that me, as well, being by his Face of this spiritological template, this Face being to have free will and consequence of my own. Each force, then, floating around, is what it is, resolving in the logic: yes, I could solve myself as being important or unimportant, or I might be a bad solution in which case I might not feel important in that way; the goodness, the equality, does not yield each number equalling to same value, to same price: here, the Buddhist or Taoist or Materialist can solve the same puzzle with self-responsibility, and see the infinite field of selves and their interactions as a model template of God: as they resolve into integrity, the material God appears, the Heaven comes to Earth. The Picture of God appears: and, this way the process involves Satan; but the _might_ belongs, then, to the solution, and the _sadness_ belongs to each failure in the end: we can see the Christian principles saving our day, our way to heaven - we can doubt in each such way, but we can see each model giving us some ways there.