# Laws of Karma

As in Kybalion: in Time, the quality always goes up, and wobbles up and down - draw a fractal of gaussian curves, where even the edge events approach in less and less probability.

Notice the Potential Field:
- Quantum Supersets get a combinator inside this realm, while Schroedinger field combines outside, from an "eternal approach". The fundamental laws somehow follow a logic truth - combine, and find the best combination (the trigger).
- You are a living creature, and thus you run similar combinations inside you.
- Evolution, based on natural selection and entropy, appears in every thermodynamic system or mathematical-logical structure, and starts to combine on it's own; while some assumptioms exist, without those assumptions resolved we should see a lot more of nonsense.

The potential field appears:
- Either by hidden combinations.
- Either by dissolvance, discasting unyield presentations; the unmet solutions will be banish in evolution, for example, once they appear: ideas and creatures extinct, and in the solid view of iterations it's but a potential event. They made big goals of becoming present, becoming involved.
- Or by our meditations to neglect the potentials: instead of letting them to potential field, we start to avoid lower potentials altogether, and try to verify them rather indirectly, somehow based on our inductions and edge deductions (such as nuclear bomb testing, which should leave rather potential to us of it's effects - for example, underground testing).

Our minds and emotions, by some Spiritual or Hermetic laws to reason some decent magic, are seen to get grasp of realities based on your decisions or failures (hologram logic), or to project realities to be solved (hologram reactor, potential futures as shapes into our hologram of now-potentials). Based on this past and future forces, your moments become states in combinator: once you generalize and topologify, this combinator becomes the flows.

This "quantum magic" is based on assumption: this happens in everyday life of every person, but we turn it stronger by attention.

This has, rather than logic, a period of association: not seeing it does not mean we are false sensitives, but means that we would not see it in reality, with our material eyes; if the logic is changing in our emotion time, the logic of the material realm presented would also change.

Sinus law: we must also approach annoying negative realities, to intecept betrayals - when we resolved a case so improbable that it becomes a delusion or hallucination -, and to invoke reality check: the reality, once we materialize negative potentials, loses some karmic force and invokes energies to resolve it; by releasing your cramps you do the inevitable in advance, and your consciousness of your failures and losses endeepens - both you can walk them more concisely, for example accept the true causes, and your surrounding potentials as they raise, they raise you in reality as the R axe of your situation becomes better, the realm is not so miraculous and unexpected; and you can neglect them with aid of reality - really getting the experience, you invoke the holistic force rather than your precognitions, which can be stoned into a dogma inside, the inside superstition. You invoke, then, deduction and induction: induction only amplifies your present, good experience, and it's the only progress you do - while deductions get you out of the box, inception for creativity and growth. Initially, in material realm deductions seem better, and spiritually you do only inductions - you are following a binary logic, not Taú.

When we do not solve it in our emotions, it becomes material: we go through material dreams, where we approach our base reality from numerous directions; what we cannot do in space, we do in time - it will contain all those numerous places, one by one. Which, in the beginning, was time - themes we set up and destroy afterwards for new themes, we built into various places so that they can be all around; so we don't do a home party, but go to city.

The information and matter are in effect: rotating around on those potential fields, they fine-tune the karmic neglection to be in more precise, and more reality-checking, sinus-enabled entropy to not miss a chance; the information flows like energy, but after many more circles - in much more fine-tuned level of reality. This means: also wobbling the information field in sinus and cosinus, not keeping straight in your belief and exception, fixed route, you let this emotion field wobble around. Wobbling it around creates *alchemical response*, which is stronger than just *dreaming*: from your body to matter to potentials of society, the positive and negative energy does it's alchemical reactions and thus, it starts inhale of the positive, and neglection of the negative into it's higher or more distant spheres.

You might want to keep your money from evil, but you cannot get out of karmic consequence: if you earned it with evil, it's the consequence to circulate it rather towards it's ends; the reality does not want to destroy this "no" until it's time is over. In infinity, there always exists more better and more worse - even if you can put the zero, center U, where the going-away and coming-into the central being is separated, and indeed zero is impossible in essential logic: there is no "stay there" in the logic realm evolving and deciding, or a "neutral place", but rather it's falling apart or coming to you.

Quantum travel:
- You can visit star portals and lokas in this realm; in specific states you see only people, who vibrate that. For example, in certain mood to enter your star system in fractal, you would see a perfect illusion (and rather take it so as it falls apart if you do not separate the Schroedinger field: you do not close the probabilities you need as bound to Earth).
- People become more vibrant and intense; those suddenly start to talk: people become more gray and less vibrant - you don't see them in their own realities, but they are more distant from yours and you get a bad gut feeling of destroying the possibility of your state in case you start to talk.
- Most often, people either travel between vibrations (mostly higher and lower), or they travel in mental state (such as in teachings of Castaneda, or use of mind plants, one would change their perception and response through virtuous human realms - this happens between summer and winter).

This is equivalent to travelling between quantum lokas, but notice two religions are not the same: while the essential laws can meet the same conditions, an artificial, computer-like feeling of normal quantum travel is different from warm, fluid occasion of most hindu traditions, which means you might notice different technologies or abilities around similar principles. Similarly, while all people have built the homes, huts differ from houses, and houses from different houses - despite this takes time, we can see different abilities and goals.
