# The Soul Alchemy (magic second lesson - primitive magic)

Scientists have told they debunked over-distance fight principles by refraiming students of one such teacher into another higher force principle; students, when european force applied, did not see their higher forces. Such is a simulation of life forces under ceremonial conditions, where each would play higher laws in a theatrum, which is considered a real experience in the following sense.

The original teaching is: as one will watch many fights to the end, and as the fight settles, the potential of their energy and it's surroundings, such as his meditations on his after-death karma, this means, of what is left beyond; naïvistically, we might assume we want bad causalities to arise from our death, which is kind of Luie the Sun Caesar's condition; looking at the exponent ratio, we need good consequences appear after our death: as Buddha or Christ died, their theories carried a good consequnece; both men looking at oracles of the future Histories: how each generation would interpret their words. In their God-like statues, they looked into the very end: into the oscillation patterns of the limit values could be focused on their mental screens; I do not assume whether my future oracle is one or another force, as it could be the computation of my body or the computation of the reality, far greater field - thus, I leave open a final guess into my philosophies; this is a principle of philosophy: one, small, alternative chance remains. As your mathematics oscillates, even for God in His own creativity - stone he can bring up each other time, altering histories, even if God would be just union of Quantum Supersets and Schroedinger (field) Nivels, T and R of the Magic Combinator: Magic is that it just surrounds reality; moreover, it surrounds each single reality you can create. Every time a combinator is involved, and if not, it evolves from existing forces and the reality patterns become trivial, indeed Schroedinger-calculable or Iterable in terms of their mental (in our Behavioral makeup given we exist on quantum field, on our free future potentials or some statistical coherences of given principles, such as light patterns could be; possibly something we empower enough to become sensitive either on material or mental levels), fundamental and material programming (in Quantum Computers).

This should shift our time and arrange to future realities?

Imagine a person's soul has an Element: a combination of 5-element table. 5 elements might not be better than larger, alchemical and chemical tables, but it's yet simpler and this counts in regards to our science. Space related to four elements is thumb to four fingers. Four fingers form four-letter logic for Elements, where my reality process to be my DNA, alchemical part, starts from near tip of little finger of right hand; but little toe of left leg would do it's material, senseless part with bones: the flexible lockable mutators of so stable process as matter; as we consist of the same matter, in terms of it's structures - intentionally, any part of matter is flowing through, in form of electrons and waves, or as we eat; especially indeed the biological circulation, our Hermesis (I just consider names important and their synonyms, as himself, or given by some resonance to people: they all say it just sounds right, the name, or our program's or system's name). Little finger then seems like head, where the index finger can be the foot - but ironically, which one is closer to the thumb, which has head-like resonance in sense of being free, being the Space element, to move among the fingers?

Imagine our soul, like our Fingers, has Five Elements for it's Material Sensation, but on this high level of the fractal the Material is much more sensible indeed. Surrounding this body, the Space Element appears: it does not have to be alive to support our life cycles and still, be in relatively good respect in itself and it's harmonic oscillations through various conditions, such as the symbiosis and ecosystem from spiritual and material aspect.

If Space itself has a deeper Schroedinger's Field, then the existence of Aliens in certain areas of Fractals of our Space System, even above the Bubbles of Infinities: the Absolute Horizon of our Capable Reach, one which is not so cryptic in terms of hyperspace above the infinities, where the infinities can be related and their spatial existence thus forms some kind of material experience, resonant with Space, and with Time - one, which gives each object it's linear existence, where in the end of the field logic it could resonate with infinity, where complex patterns of existence could have this kind of linearity in relation to infinity. Consequently, infinity remaps to linearity, modulating it's bigger perspective, and linearity into infinity: one suddenly being the complete sum of another. Now in which Space System we finally reside, might approach our own Spatial resonance: the Spaces with massive extinctions for whatever reason and whoever in complex web is guilty, with a distance between the Star Systems. Our *karmic flow*, but even the existance in the Hell - where we could suddenly enlighten and find our way out? - or Heaven, where Master Angels have been told to be Fallen; perhaps even those would find their mistake, perhaps reincarnate or do so for many times, and suddenly be sinless pure beings of another kind, and original service. How much betrayal this is if their Fall would repeat in Fractal of Space, but each would see them from their own frequencies, and thus a subsequent form of them or their potential? Indeed, the Reality always arrives to it's own potentials: but it's infinitely raising it's sight of failure.

As you clean your potential fields, you clean your now: each value is two aspects of how close it gets, and what it is, in limiting your physical and mental freedom of will, where even your mental will could be followed by alchemistry of matter and mind. The alchemical response in reality, in respect to the futures, healing the past wounds in yours and your societies, and in your response to the hells: in some degree, could your past lives be the actual hells, even in degree you are seeing yourself back then? Could their future estimates, suddenly and magically, interwine with the random choices of your actual realities, where they could simply know what follows their presence in this existence?

I also have the Sinus, the opposite reality of Future and Past, of Fear and Hope: Root or the Toes are supposed to compose the Material and Mental part of the Past, but it resonates in the Now growing it's seed purpose; this is Fear, and it's the Point Logic: the Point, or the Area, which Reoccurs each time. The Crown is the Future, the Hope dimension appearing as it projects into better futures - but it resonates to now, into what you should do; it's like there is a point at outside, into infinity projected by eternality of past and future - it aligns all chakras as it sees they get aligned in infinity; this is top or above your head according to different traditions and material seed can be seen in little fingers, as a mental point field execution.

Each part of our body is executing it's own forces in our mental reality: body fractal of plane, body and organ could dissolve into tissues, which fractal like a material counterpart, and are not so mental, but physical units. Still, the physical domains are highly aligned to chakras - their vital energy counterparts in element-like syndrome of spreading elements evenly in your system, with fractal heads or centers, complexes, for complex functions:

So the Question Appears:

> what if you strenghten your nerve system logic from each organ or organic part like a tissue or muscle subsystem, into a fractal where each part of your body now can see their own aspect find out how each sense and muscle force applies to their senses and muscles?

How much you see or feel, and rather this, that muscle in one part is behaving in pattern according to other part of your body? You can see the muscle work of control is very muscular, which creates the fractal muscle of the body. Things not termed muscles, but having motor systems, not termed brains but still having nerves, not termed bones but being strong and inflexible - they are numerous in this system. Opposition "bones and flesh" would generalize them into two classes as well, as it sees not outside of the fuzzy observation of these classes, doable by AI.
