# Natural Flow of Training

While it seems you cannot feel your internal muscle so well, it's hard to define what is the actual thing you cannot feel - rather, you feel many things.

One feeling the body gives is an "insult": most people do not like insults, but for your body, there is no other way to go.

We see so many people, who fall off by insults - they cannot remain constructive. But what is an insult? It's a sign of your weakness - and in fact, there are no other signs of your weakness. The strength is risen by smooth flow of feeling of insult, which keeps pressing from your immediate opportunity of growth.

Your body is apt to give you the insulted feeling about next few parts of your body - you look into a mirror and you are insulted of how small the muscle seems, where you did just grow it to feel a little proud. The muscle gives you the championed or educated feeling for a moment, for reward for some work, but it's pennies compared to your absolute ideals - it starts attuning you to next growth cycles, giving you the immediate problems. This is because your body is kind of "too Zen": it does not know about the things you cannot do now; it gives you the work which is right here, right now. You do not feel insulted for not being superman - he, himself, would be as insulted as you, or perhaps sometimes for not being a hyperman.

I have grown with strong feeling of insult love - while I might give them sometimes, indirectly pointing the mistakes in others; many people who naturally fall off, do this for reason - I could be left with some people, who are growing. When people give me insults, I slowly learn - it's hard, because they cannot speak in modest manner, but also think in wholes; I cannot do that whole, but have to figure out, what is the overleft bad, which comes to good in their irreducible logic; very hardly, they see the good and bad aspect, such as feeling bad when you work: when they motivate by giving good feelings, I just feel good when the work is motivating, when the growth is real. For little things they see - their car, house and wife - do not keep me so motivated; the survival often remains stronger than the progress itself - we limit our houses, cars and wives a half, to go further by the other half. So I must discern, when they teach me the short outcomes, and which are my long outcomes: but most normally, I cannot win my own "war" or struggle, unless I listen to the "enemy", for example if you are told to not help other people, you must not help those people as they won't reward you - indeed, you need to help those, who reward, as this is not help. Very often, the "enemy" is not going to help you things they did not let you do: very often the karmic cycle they describe is exactly the one you have, the one you finally feel, because there is no more energy than this karmic cycle.

So, with your body: remember it's giving you the good and bad signals, which you feel against you very often. You are unconscious if you just run away from the insults, and try to enjoy the good parts: you are selectively choosing situations with no fuel no progress. Other people, as well: as you start raising, your level of self-insults gets considerable; but is the man, who is strong and looks idiot, really an idiot? If this is his feeling that he cannot do this physical situation perfectly - either it's because they can not, or it's because they want to do it better. We see politicians and so many little people working with their suits and words so that they seem unmistaken, unmiserable - like non-human. I do the kind of jokes against myself, what they avoid from others - while I could attract people by not ruining it at all, I see the insults being so much true that I do not understand people, who look for the "good lies" so much and maintain some "emotional balance", because balance is quite fine if your ratio of spending and generating the resources is around zero, but it's looks suspiciously unrealistic, if you just earn and do not spend; it's also miserable if the posture of a politician does not reflect the pains and problems in their country at all. It's very unbelievable if a politician tries to look "good": even in the tax office, reasoned or not, but there is something evil - so I believe the little-bit-evil look of Bill Gates much more than I would believe a degree up of the keep-smile. You move money, therefore you are evil.

With your body, you could think of "ideals" and compare to them - pictures in the newspapers, all the people around. Even Bruce Lee did not reach this point that nobody could not defeat him in any way. By this, insults are not bad: for example, from childhood I remember like nice girls of the neighbourhood did play a whole pantomime, to teach me some decent morales; while I do not remember who the girls were, it is rather normal that they knew some of all the neighbourhood boys and had something the girls demanded from boys. They made postures on street, which looked like I lack this or that decent principle: the insult fine enough to make sure I never lacked this one; the girls were really too good for me to ever get friends, but they definitely took care to raise the neighborhood boys, at least some, to fit with their future girl ideals for boys. Well I remember some discussions with girls and some young age friends: I do not remember any names any more, but then they look like one girl, in sense that they catched up with this story with me, and continued where the last girl was left off. It's a nice memory, but I think in the end, these girls remained to expect something - at the same time, at my own track, not every thing has been like they told; maybe they were too trusty for the neigbourhood - I saw similar girls rather as spokewomen or secretaries of the companies around, and they started to seem to belong there - being "friends" with me was rather their unofficial part, never worth any real money, contracts or even behaviours; the last wave typically asked me to meet at some time, at some place, and did not arrive: so in some official world, decent civilized people, but for me the word "civilized" did not hold any more.

This, as described, is a good manner of insult: a person insulting you, like the girls made some fun about my medievial attitude, is helpful; but as they started to like strong boys, who were just fighting with others - what they told that 40 years old man is a man to do the practical things, to keep the house up, and actually they do not want to be any more with the young boys. So it's the other insult, hard to learn: that those are not your people anyway. But the world did not run out of the girls: they always come and always teach me something; for example, with my intellectual philosophies - they worked a lot with my theories about how to be a perfect monk, and who came back finally, were the most materialistic girls who had found out my philosophies have to be followed this way; so I had to be a humble student of my philosophies to understand, how the women actually see this thing - they turned my peace philosophy straightforward into the war, and I could not really say it's not my philosophy.

But so, when the girls are not around: your body is insulting you. You think that you feel miserable, you want to stand there but you look like you died there; you made a whole period of exercise just to look in the mirror and see you are the weakest man on Earth. Your body is talking to you, it's not some abstract self-feeling, but an actual guidance of a very smart machine - you should digest those insults and turn them to exercises; this soon is turned into the pain and shame; where the pain and shame are turned into the mental and material Self. All this weakness is but a devil in you: it does not do any good and it's not an evil force to be just avoided, but the exercise can be done by good will.

The places, which lack muscles, seem like sinuses: like they are just holes, valleys in your body. It always hints the next few ones - to guide you through the complexity of what you can do at all.

For me it started from my wrists - where I am often telling you here, how to start from there, you should understand all this, but also understand, where your own body is pointing. This, rather than being any reality, depends on your current state and the context, it's what you can do now and what helps you. Despite your body is a here-and-now machine, it's also a valuable keeper of resources for long time, and the growth it thinks about really helps for the long time; still, in it's own healing and guidance - it always continues from the right now and here, so the wounds, for example, are always healing, and if the new wounds or any distraction is changing the condition - the body is unaware of the change, but simply goes on from the point it is now, so if you get a wound, it starts to heal, and you break it again, it just goes on healing and does not get distracted from the changing conditions, as if the time was somehow supposed to go linearly. Still, the way it grows - it's for the longest term good, growing the full and resistant body, keeping in mind all these times ahead; the energy and matter it controls is used with highest efficiency and long term strategies, not spent in five minutes for some kind of pleasure.
- Notice if you exercise your wrists: you can hold your hand with another hand for the initial cycle of the exercise, because for some movements, it too easily falls off; for example if you want to do left and right movement of palm, it often falls down to do rotation of arm instead, and it gets the fingers to almost the same position; if you hold your arm to not rotate nor move into more comfortable position, you easily get energy to move exactly the part you need. You develop each of the local strengths, and once you have it, you finalize the series by doing this not holding with other hand: as you already have muscles there, your body mind is not going to emulate or virtualize them, but does as you expected, and grows also the missing muscle to keep your hand straight in position (which now takes additional effort).

It's easy to be attracted to ideals and 3D.
- Ideals: that your body should be absolutely flexible, absolutely strong etc. Comparing with this dead end.
- 3D: thinking about the relative movement of your body parts as each part should move it's full distance without dependencies; for example that you cannot move each finger alone means they are not perfect in sense of the 3D world - where "perfect" means you do all the 3D thing with each joint.

Instead of ideals, you must think that as you grow slowly and in balanced way, your efficiency is raising and you feel benefits every time: to open a door two seconds faster, not fail a little with an easy thing, to turn a little smoother; all those are direct experiences we enjoy.

Instead of 3D, use Sym-D, symbolic dimension: things you can do with your fingers are symbols of your body; a symbol is a position, which always invents new possibilities. To grasp things, to rotate something or to move - these are the symbols you have; they are not mere 3D positions to cover more of them, but your body has natural ways to grow so that the symbols grow. There are no ultimate ideals, but you can always go further - you can keep your peace of soul, where you find out such natural growth, which never lets your fingers to do all the 3D movements separately into every 3D position you could invent from their visible, simplified architecture; instead, even if they do this: they grow naturally in directions, which have the symbolic value of inventing endless powers.
