# Sexual forces

In Taoist books and related materials you see claims about suspressing your sexual forces - while it's a complex topic and given in several paradoxes, I would remind the case:
- Avoiding excess of sex, food, pleasure, etc. is a necessary skill of any practice, especially it might be necessary in deeper extent when you are monk or practicing in temple or monastery; once you have the mental skill, avoiding further and subtler addictions, you need to balance between things for healthy life.
- An example: you might avoid parties to read books, or you might do 10 pushups after each cigarette, especially in structured environments of force such as military or the sea - you punish and reward yourself, but ultimately the thing on it's own should punish and reward you; as you get older, it's better if you count for influences of cigarettes directly, not converting them to other things.

The ideal sex life would constitute avoiding or doing it for some, but in common settings one could consider:
- Avoid sexual considerations in your sexual force and reproductive organs to force them to train other forces; they have complex work in life-giving and life-keeping and each of these organs is able for much more than reproduction. What you can see - just as a muscle of a young man might be developed solely for fighting, when it can differentiate and look better, seeing a muscle of such a man is kind of insult; the sex drive unless it differentiates, would turn many forces into pederastia or gay sex - while I'm not definite fighter against gays, I think it's a substitute activity and not part of natural lifestyle or healthy survival of your gene. Notice the following:
  - With men, difficult to avoid, your sexual organs can easily have cold, water-like fealing; it cannot be "associated with sex", since sex is definitely hot, but the feeling should be noticed as part of activities of root chakra. Such feeling is randomly distributed.
  - Sexual organs do "contain" the other sex person(s) in case of men, or relate in case of women: there is heavy load of thesis such as protection, nurturing and other reactions.
  - Parts of sexual organs might relate to children.
  - You should train each part of sexual organs, which are all trainable: in anatomy book, you can see the exterior and visible part is very small part in it's constitution.
  - Sexual organs take some part between any communication, especially between men and women - this can be as simple as creativity.
  - Sexual organs do have to do with our relationships with material things, such as cars for many, or houses.

Undifferenciated sexual organs, given this list: they are very much specialized to sex, and any other activity _associates_ with sex - this is just like moving your fingers; if some finger would symbolize sex, it's hard to move other fingers without moving this as well. Certain functions of sexual organs are reserved for sex, and definitely should not trigger in other cases - then, the activities going on often produce shame, as they go too close; but now: energy movement in business and any material things involves sexual organs, and any shame can disable their activities. It can lead to your material life being solely related to getting the children.

Then, in a normal way of using your sexual organs: sex itself, and it's attribution, should be related to getting children in the end, or initially having dates, flirts and trials for relationships - notice that each of them might be sign of some kind of friendship or co-creation, depending on the mental layer (for lower person, this is "risky", but for developed sex life we can see friends caring for each other's husbands or we can see sexual force producing creative efforts - this is a delicate topic what constitutes hurting another relationship or ability, but in case of development, similar functions differentiate more and we get useful safe space; for example, if you are extremely weak, compliment for your wife might seem like an insult to you, such as telling them they have good hands or correct posture - or if the insulter is not proper about meaning of each function, such as co-development of physical structures). For this, nuances between cultures, couples and their contracts are important, but stronger men usually risk more.

As a conclusion: we do not want to avoid sex, but rather we want to channel the right energies into sex and make sure it has the right goal, so that it's properly positioned in our life; we differentiate sexual or related energies into their proper places and make sure to use each in a proper way. Just as fighting might be a first thing for survival and the instinct to relate muscles to fighting are often the first to develop - to associate muscles with work, health and survival, or to use money in it's right context, can initially fail; muscles seem dangerous and money seems also like a thing to fight. Sexual desires, definitely, develop the first undifferentiated function for getting children - if you fail all your life, at least you get this; for real, they also relate to whole root chakra, such as our ancestors, material life and safety, etc. - this needs development, differentiation of functions and energies and once done, we do not "avoid" sex.

I bring an example: a woman would move her ass close to eyes of a man, without any need to get any contact, to show muscles they use for work and to relate in this - ass as a central part is what keeps our body as a whole and enable the functionality of work. A man might look this instrument without thinking of sex, but by thinking of the work and it's relations: I had such case just yesterday, actually each example here is from the case of yesterday; I did not want any sex with this woman, but I enjoyed her nicely structured body and the way our bodies communicated just contributed to this work life.

Thinking and physics of undeveloped mind and body has very vague associations, such as tolerating only a happy face and not taking responsibility when the face is not happy.

# Conclusion

This is about the Taoist mentions of sex - I had to rewrite this to sound a little lighter than the Taoist books. While my father, perhaps, was a lineage of that thought, I have been integrating his teachings and removing some paradox, which might disturb him - for example, he must cope to not be physically agressive, and the men who never are are far above him; for me, any physical agression comes from clarity and is related to my own thesis, and while I am not completely calm each case - you have to _irritate_ me consciously, and fail any constructive strategy yourself, and you probably still meet a calm protection such as just catching your hand. By this - for weaker mind, my thoughtful advice might be dangerous and they might need to avoid any sexual desire in the training part, because they might see some wishful "gain" from liberty of higher function, to wishes and failings of the lower; otherwise, I sense a certain limitation in the original Taoist attitude.

Most of sacrifice we do: we limit the functionality of undeveloped functions to enable more advanced functions to develop, but we should notice we use negative force to produce positive lessons. For example, making certain positions illegal does keep our health, but ultimately we should train these very positions to make our health stronger.
