# Potential Field

We live in the world of the Living Energies - living, it means they live. Do not let yourself faked into belief that living energy consists, by definition, of "particle or waveform movement". Living energy is energy of Life: life is not necessarily moving, and the energy is not necessarily material - Potential Field is partially material, but not fully; the potential it exhibits, *is* material despite that.

We are carriers of Energy: this is our Being, and our Environment. As we are vital, we have energy, and as we generate vitality, we use this energy; abuse of energy is not physical form of energy, but it's not a life energy at all - it's an easy confusion in Science, to confuse one science with another (it's been told that each thing needs to be researched by a Science with proper means), and it's confusion of Scientific measurement, which does not mix the emotional principle and the scientific principle. This, in turn, does not mean the emotional principle or the life principle does not exist, or that it's imprecise when used properly with science: while in my theory, this gap is shorter, we should not measure life based on "dead physics", and only imply that life itself is dead physics: it's not dead physics, but we are making a neutral observation of it. "Life force", then, cannot be confused with mere physical energy: it's our vitality, and such energy exists in Vitamins, while the Poisons might cause much more energetic movement of physical bodies - we are not energetic for eating toxins.

"Al" is measurement of Position to Infinity, to the "Left", in my terms: in Aclhemy, the Chemical Reaction not only exists, but it's alive in sense that it's able to carry it's patterns to infinity. In this sense, it's also an energy to have such composition, which would remain.

On potential field we live:
- Other people are constantly creating interactions with potentials with us, which we physically feel; we change posture to enable fast access to certain movements, trying to avoid that our posture gets tired (thus, the posture losing energy and not merely our body in general, as it would come from physics of living bodies).
- Things are creating potential interactions of another kind, for example on edge of a canyon, or mountain, we can feel heavy physical force upon us, but it's not a direct force from a physical body - either we feel awe or fear. We feel adventurous.

The potential field enables and disables many consequences of movement, thereby changing the material outcomes of intention and our body postures. As the positive and negative consequences come closer or move further apart, our conditioning changes - for example, if you punish somebody too much for their bad outcomes, their good endevour are so close to bad outcomes of your interaction, that they do not make sense.

Physical body or a human, thus, can only move around the field of good possibilities: they must hit them randomly, so the random algorithm needs to be somewhat stable (not yielding the same outcome many times) and directed (not creating negative patterns) - where the causality of certain choices is random, enabling fields of free will, where this physically means people have less constraints, the direction and some boundaries of random fields can be determined by essential factors: unless those factors are met every day, we change the conditions of the random field itself. For example, people randomly opening shops can cover the whole area - in certain cases, people want to build shops always near certain area, and thus the random algorithm changes, for example government could support shops outside of airport area to create equal conditioning for this random algorithm, or they could limit the area for shops near airport, causing rise in their price and reduction of availability of such choices; they could also require certain qualities, such as being supreme, from these shops, so that there would be artificial competition for this area, creating a gaussian random curve of quality (typically not so desired).

Here, we cannot so much punish and reward us, because we do not only change the local direction of the field, trying an E=>A transmission of energy, from higher to lower vibration; we also condition the algorithm in a way which makes failures more fatal, and supports the success, which does not need support. Consequently, on a potential field, our position could be much force and we cause what I call "posetive negotion" in my logec (my scientific alternative to logic is logec or logecs).

Potential field also starts the measure of pure intention:
- Pure intention measures the field metaphysically, where we see the patterns on a field being reflections of the idea world. The idea world can contain complex logic, which makes the actual patterns unreliable. Random patterns disturb the unsincere field, whose logic gives good results for some random mistake or evolutionary dead end. The wide distribution of random patterns of all kinds: if you take many random guesses, each having different scenario, they yield the random algorithm into measureable space, where an angular line, in hyperspace (larger density space, with more potential coordinates I write as letter U), creates actual directions of each such point. For example, to get statistical outcome, first you do not need test groups - you can calculate such numbers directly and use normal logic to see, where "test groups" would appear in logic; second, the random field does not need to be symmetric and coming from the same source: random events of causally free variables, each of different kind, are completely enough to get the statistical degree. I call this theory of mine "Statesc" or "Stadesc".

Imagine:
- When you roll dices, each having probabilities from 1 to 6, a thousand time, you get a statistical factor: it's the factor that you get closer to some linearization; in case they have parallel effects of outcomes, for example, in the same field, you approach closer to just get mathematical, non-randomized answers in advance.
- When independent, causally not connected people throw dice, where each dice has random set of possibilities such as 1-6 or 1-100, and the things they do with results, differ: once you got thousand of such people, with their random guesses, you can aggregate the chances together, and for example you get one against so many billion chances for each probability in those billions; with those unrelated trials, your grand picture starts to converge.

Thus, for example, in "evolutionary principles", we are not so much interested whether an effect in some gene is random - once the random mutations are born, they choose their work, choose their wife, move to their favourite place to live; in turn, there is almost no random chance at all. Even the evolutionary aspect of random mutations causing new mutations: this might not be so random principle, but rather part of a larger algorithm, which is evolving in quite stable way. While, physically or materialistically, the "random factor" must equal to symbolic randomization - symbolically, in reproduction of 1000 people we could think 500 men and 500 women are born on average, and there are a few dependent things on where they are born - more generally, the distribution will be organized by humans, and in the larger body of their birth we do not see any randomization at all, we see some randomization between, virtually, 49%:51% and 51%:49% (virtually, because I set a hypothetical case where the average is exactly 0.5:0.5). In the algorithm, which holds in society, and starts effecting these random factors from their birth (how other genes respond to this gene) to their life in society (how all those random genetic factors move in their positions or travel away or, for example, are seen as failures) - even in their love stories, which now determine, how these random combinations are combined themselves; here, there is a space for many well-evolved factors; where humans spread on stars, we can rather see only intelligence in this reproductive principle.

Consider this: if, in a computer game, you want to fill a city with people, and you have to distribute certain amounts of people of each type, you do it with random algorithm, but actually it's not random at all - your constaint, simply, leaves this particular thing open, that in which order you generate those people. If you count a certain number into each group, you do not have the particular relation, which one person is which one person in your initial task: in implication or implementation, there is indeed a random factor, which does not exist in the algorithm, rather you can show specifically about each person, into which group they belong in initial system. We also see that there are determinant factors in guess of whether the reproductive act was successive at all, and which genes would do it from beginning to the end - from so many spermatosoids, only some will make it to the end; some scientists have shown that this is not random, but a result of a dance, which I cannot confirm from my own straight knowledge.

As there are so many random guesses around: while each of them seems random, and can go through trials without taking sincerity into account; with many random guesses, however separate and different, you see a base logic appears, where finally, the physical laws have no chance but a decision - even for atomic particles, there are deeper reasons than the immediate success in behavioural properness or fit; evolutionarly we can still see there are some animals, which fake genetically - such as being a bee or having a masquerade such as camoflage octopus. The true, effectful false will yield out over the course of evolution, where the secrets of each are still kept, or the condition of locality: the empty principles or Elements appear, which do it so much that in final, non-ending infinity, it's the factor where the imaginary upwards-direction appears in this infinity; as it's infinitely growing, the concrete point where there are not equal amounts of positive and negative, does not reach, so it's not the first limit value where you could see perfection in the end; it's still a formulae, which satisfies that the actual, sincere mathematical outcome is the position, the force which is constantly working to remain True.

Free will and sincerity, based for example on randomization factor reocurrence, would become obvious in infinity: the natural law, then, is bound to see those bodies based on their deeper meaning or actual probabilities in some kind of laws, and connect the probability members; it's not bound to follow the immediate preparations and outcomes. It's also bound to do what I call Sinus: it does not reach it's lie-detection abilities to the end, because it's the illusory scope, where the actual laws do not have time to evolve, and the force itself is far-stretched to fatality - in absolute, in the *a priori* or *logical* essence, versus fundamental, our decisions, goals or determinants, there exist "stupid principles" not to be won, but to be aligned with as well. Some mathematical principle might be extreme killer, almost a Satan, disturbing each person each moment: to fatally take the course in direction that you do not see this force means that it will hit hiddenly and with absolute fatality; to rather pass the alchemical fusion, to learn to cope with the results and to give up to the cramp of still yielding this force: eventually, the complete logic is not so negative, and we have followed our foundational principles.

Imagine such field:
- In probable actual future, we have 100% chance for good outcomes.
- In less probable space, which could still occur, we have 0% chances all around.

In this example, where we want to apply actual, physical force in these probabilities, the probability factor is less than 100% - we cannot go with these posetive hopes. In thousand trials, there will be some outcomes, which are fatal to the whole process and yield the other probabilities away.

If we want to be on the real field, as real physical bodies, we are better off if the main probability is 90%, while the surroundings do not fall under 10%.

For an enemy to attack us they might use even probabilities, which are outside of our basic gaussian curve: our "impossibilities" are involved as well, things we would not do. Thus, to stay real:
- We exercise the bad probabilities, so that we do not rush to attack our enemy and other similar people or events. We cannot be stick to our ideals, because on the potential field, the surrounding potentials are not "dead physical energy", but they are our real life force and not just the good wishes, wishful emotions, and rescuers from our tax office.
- Every time we punish and reward us, we should seek this deeper experience and stronger sense of higher good to not ruin our local field - it might be our wrongdoing, or just a random chance.
- We see that this potential field resonates an actual energy to our actual field, controlling our body in advance: we can see how the strong, physical feelings stop us from bad potential fields, such as dancing on the edge of a canyon, and how the comfort can force us to avoid them altogether. This way, not always on our matter, but on our muscles: the potential energies have heavy effect.

Now, as we train:
- We train the surrounding potentials of movements into their essence and natural conditions.
- We understand that the sacrifices we do to control ourselves, to force locally the global conditions, are actually also training weights and we need to learn from this exercise and grow into conditions, where we are more sincere and do not need local punishment and reward, as they are already active forces on potential field.
- We see how ourselves in different potentials are not just teaching each others, warning and calling, but they are also doing business with us: in case we fail on some potential fields, we fail on all.

To keep our promises, thus, we make them flexible and for the whole process, create the outcomes in one or another way: for example, if we have small potential for failing this karmic cycle into it's infinity, where it would otherwise produce infinite ripples into infinite space, we can ruin it all with this small-probability infinitely-bad-result; the potentials ripple from now to all directions in the future, and where we learn and train now for various potentials, and our promise contains different stories for them, we "do it anyway", where the "it" is deeper. Thus, we grow into this whole potential field and make flexible promises - this is why Christ permitted deadly wovs from many instances -; for example, if we are really flexible, our wov to the king would still yiddle and the actual wov does not consist in mere promise, but in our certanty that we would make this promise every day: once the day is bad, we fail.

So, as the potentials create outcomes of our currents, our current situation is full of uncertanty:
- To do Zen means to find a case for each uncertanty, and to find a common case: synchronicity will appear, as our only solution is small number of solutions, which resolve so many consequences; we do it here and now, what is compatible with so many different futures. Even if we have or are an oracle, we cannot find so solid time: as much as the oracle exists inside space, and acts through the information force, it interacts with the physics and it cannot see very thin, deterministic line into any given future; this is theorem also for estimations - even very good, AI-produced estimations yield into this poetic space as they advance, to be practically usable. For example, to estimate to everybody that one stock would rise: eventually, the people would gain the most, who find another raising stock.
- To do Zen means a hard work: not only we mentally let ourselves "free to not have success of this particular moment of determinance", but we also prepare properly for each of these various cases. For example, instead of being betrayed by some wishful thought or person, we make an initial investment to each person in our mind, and live assuming some close average of our money would actually work; with those people, we work together to turn the cases where they betray, still into our success; we work to gain some "money" in advance - for example they could fail each work, but we put the zero a little higher, making some earnings in this purpose; where those people fail, we have mentally set these earnings to be non-critical to lose, so our life goes assuming half loss from the future goals; we use this lost money to pay for the process with the rest of our friends; "money" here is any energy we invest and gain. We even involve the probability of our life itself: so many lives, then, have a very good probability.

Tax system is basically to neutralize those probabilities, especially the case that the past does not determine the future.

The nature is not convinced by your mere physical presence, but in the deeper metaphysics and alchemy of this: there must be hidden layers of information, which lead to actual essence of each thing. For example, if you *somehow resolve each future potential of you*, *until you meet that collective people do have the high potential*, the matter would not see the failure or it's potential on *any timeline*, or *any imaginable timeline*: each timeline is able to bring back it's negative conseqences, as harder as it needs to go through evolution cycles; the imaginary, deeper cause and effect appear in place of physical causation, and all the similar causes and effects go through their united force, where the random outcomes affect the physical reality. Here, your pure intention is absolutely critical on the physical scale.

## Background

We can see chemistry is a field of "neutral observation", by which all the emotions are removed: any syndrome of Life is removed. This results in binary logic of locally closed tables - logically, we have quite many explanations; if we assume the physical field does not necessarily achieve relaxation of tension at any given moment, comparing it to humans and life: while this goal needs reflection, alchemical reaction, the goal exists even in causal process; it more often fails when the goal is not met. In induction of life, we know our goals as we induce further from all our success inducing - in deduction of matter, which just explodes away from it's failures, the higher-energy states are achieved in goals met; the goal, then, is an *essential nature* or *enlightenment of matter*, by which it already meets the barriers everywhere, where the deduction is not met. Goal, then, does not arrive instantly in following the past inductions, but it arrives in one infinity, which equals a moment for this Higher Nature, it's (r)evolution: after trying infinity of combinations, only the good ones are left and thus a real energy has a spark. Alchemy prefic "Al", in my language, means position in infinite field - infinite field gives meaning, an ongoing success, to local fields and determines the rate for convergance to actual Truth, or the Goal.

Each system determined by it's past, cause and effect, has a matrix determinant and it's converging nature, where we can find patterns, which close in infinity. It can also have blocks: which stop it from such convergence. Notice the blocks, here, are blocks: for example, it never meets the particular incidence of it's high-energy states and thus, the future never arrives. This can be sad destiny of many fields in past - one needs temperature starting from Zero, where the minus-infinity energy state of past infinitum has reached zero; once two points reach local interaction, and do not seem to be infinitely far one from another: Cosmos started from Absolute Cold, in Moment Before Each Moment; it did not have the Life, Theorem, Truth energy at all; still it had equal condition of matter, which despite it's state of stupidity, contained the same amount of energy of motion and the mass, or the relation between two; the pattern of energy was so chaotic, simplified, and in space and time, rhythmic and monotone, that in our lives we would definitely feel cold when achieving such states. Entropy is the growing information level of each body, as it enters complex interaction - part of the energy is Self-energy, where the information has been in reaction to you, and part of the energy is slower, getting into strong experience as you interact with all this matter, creating or consisting this state.

Entropy, for example, could be found in Society: as you create one theory, it's very simplistic and creates rhythmic patterns on it's own; the entropy has still grown: as the theory spreads, each any body it meets will notice the growing entropy as the information field has grown. As it develop the theory, interacts with this input entropy, it grows into more complexity and becomes personalized - this is the actual growth of entropy. As it waves back, it has huge body of complex information - in response to initial low-entropy input from one body, as the same signal has passed each and every body, the signal is very complex. The actual entropy, if defined as chaotic momentum and not raise in your information containment - and information, here, is energy -; becomes evident: the theories contain many random facts, mistakes, and personal determinants applied to new constraints or complexities, problems and solutions. This randomization creates additional fuel to evolution - all which appeared, goes through verification, where the Natural Selection appears; as the Natural Laws enlighten the verification, the stronger bodies of information - higher frequencies, where logic is more often met - will spread.

Negative Force is a Force: in factor we call "I", or minus infinity, it meets the Thermodynamic rule: it cannot go, in energy states, below zero. For example, when I could not heal my lungs for long time, as they struggled with some pain: once I really got sick, after years, I reached the actual level of pain - from repetitive, local O factors of Pain, which I locally healed for some ten minutes each, with weak determination; my determination did not, indeed, meet it's determinant: the I factor, which created the actual Negative Force in me, getting to "impossible" levels and thus, I felt a strong force to do my normal healing in scaled factors, now I was able to heal the lungs: subsequently, the healing patterns started to heal this specific pain at each moment. We can often see ourselves as causal bodies, for example in Theory of Five Elements of Buddhism: we can see our mind partially as conscious-controlled, goal-based force, but partially it's a cryptic reaction of Elements, which are repeated in Mind's Octave or Size, similar to ourselves being big, single Atoms; our body, through this structure, connects to Natural Forces to become a material body and let us be Born. These Elements in our Minds are rather causal factors - we should not go too far in controlling them, because we cannot really control the Natural Law itself; even if we can accidentially seem to control some Natural Law we did not know so well, we emanate this law as a *betrayal* - slowly and effectively it learns to appear in strong, more and more tense, hidden form; as we meditate to get rid of some bad sensation, often we pass the Hermetic Law of Emotion, and it disappears as our Mind is not alarmed any more; if we attack a Fatal, Fundamental, *A Priori* force like that - for example, the Principle of God -, our Force would still remove our sensations, visibility of our obstacle, and not the obstacle itself - because, the principle of removing this base force does not exist. This is what I call "witch", if you are very much into Mind Power, but not so much into Natural Sciences and Logic, or any determinant of Your System. Let's say this is a Wicked Thing: especially Wicked Things are people, who now have been accused without any reason, without any intention for bad. Thus, in my 4-valued logic, intention for good, even goodness itself, can be seen in such condition: for example, there is a classic story of grandchild of grandfather, who counts his money and helps the poor only in certain limits; his granddaughter never sees this as good, but emanates an actual goodness, wanting to help each criminal out of prison, each poor out of poverty - she travels from prison to prison, from poor to poor, and neutralizes her grandfather. The grandfather, indeed, cannot seem completely good: over and over, you can see some evilness in him, in certain level; for example, even a good boss would fire a worker with no use, not just keep paying salaries or hiring a maximum number of such poor men. In case of granddaughter and grandfather - in such karmic connection to always run behind one after another, and settle the consequences, probably they just met together with excess of specific energy, bad or good, in both. The granddaughter is able to attack the grandfather, who in return is able to attack the granddaughter: the granddaughter indeed helps also her "criminal" grandfather, and the grandfather is completely able to limit the money they give to their granddaughter, and thus sees no problem - he sees a woman nature, and a man, being able to win each single woman in so many cases, is not able to win all women, or even several women, into an actual victory: they are yielding back from the woman principle itself, able to balance such excess force and determination to good ends. Woman as well, they can kick any long-term worth sense in a man, they can kick away the man's principles in infinity, so that a normal man cannot keep his self-esteem for a moment against a woman, but the women are lost if they attack the principle of a man: they come back, somehow conquered without force or with weaker force, in case they want to put a negative determinant on long-term success of the whole mankind. Thus, the men control the goodness of the women.
