# Touch from distance

Our body is divided into parts, which have many symbolic and meaningful connections on spiritual axes. For various reasons, such as evolution reference (to appear and prove stronger fit, _karmically_: to defend it in belief of __karma__, a _natural synergy_; believe _dukkha_, that __karma__ is _not perfect_).

## Evolution reference

Muscle groups, which are used together, share with the batteries and resources, which are unified; our body creates meaningful muscle groups, or muscle semantically their cooperation into katas, meaningfully charged sequences of movements. "Charge", for example, for home work, means sequence one can use in home work patterns; I practice walking - my muscle, as it grows, continuously inventing new balanced patterns to use growing and decreasing patterns of energy efficiently, where different groups of muscles and nerves are available.

For example, muscles in reference to being closest to any chakras, where legs connect to referential, hands to actual axe.

Based on "Anatomy and Physiology" book mentioned in this library, brain unifies: Legs with root chakra, especially your reproductionary organs are the minimum, "I" unit in my terms, where the foot and legs follow - they are seen inside the body, by brain and it's _fastest connections_ of neighbours, where as in digital computers, the location means something. The head brain is at topmost: but connected to it are the palms, whereas the hands, including the palms only vaguely with perhaps a few basic positions self-known; we can see how they interact. Arms, connected to shoulders, come as linearized twins one after another, creating rhythyms of pairs even in brain. Then perhaps by brain, we see ourselves moving bottom of our body, not including the legs, as moving bottom and the legs inside the bottom, while head and hands are connected directly, and far below are seen shoulders, ends of the hands: then comes body. This all happens in one dimension, where one "cell" contains both hands or part of, like shoulders, connecting shoulders (also one "cell" of both) into body (now, _alone_ one "cell"). This is the topology we see: hands and body floating magically in the air, whereas the "wholeness" in the middle connects it to body. This is how I see the infinity at the top of us: wholeness is in the middle, while the most free-floating pairs are at the opposite ends: legs and hands, or rather arms, are then only an engineering for locality, while body on it's imaginary bottom and hands directly connected to head are the imaginary top. Sensory homunculus at figure 14.5.2 is the term used for such topology in Anatomy and Physiology index.

Yet, as I see: the legs connect us to the matter, smallest branches at the tips of our roots, and to fine-grained "zeroes" of our theories. Root chakra of body has legs inside, for this matter, but itself already deals with meaningful rhythyms of life or human life. We organize the roads and their sides to our symbols to give meaningful material connections, which our legs themselves could use to forecast: for example, how many steps or passed vehicles it now takes to get there. While head is "changing", thus lives in local or global acceleration of matters, but still provides the same essentials, such as biodiversity, life and our physical body structures: it could be painful to change them, but we could not give up the conception altogether.

Teeth, gums and jaw are depicted in a cavity.

Your ears are the ultimate top of your mind in the brain's physical logic system of the central control for your body - this creates actually intellectual moves. Nerves are around your body and your can turn them into local brains: you would have a parallel computer with CPU (linear central processor) in the brain and GPU (parallel central processor in our instance) in the body and brain-as-an-organ. There are different types of impulses in brain, including motor and nerve responses, as well as senses, including the inner environment and how it could use the muscle force: for neighboring areas, this means something about the nature of our control systems. This part of brain is the topological area, a "mental mind", where mind is related to the whole - in the whole, below, you see nothing in particular - you see void, one large void area just like the others by it's shape -; in the local part you see body as a whole, whre ends in both directions are felt vaguely as physical units, when they work together, to the center: forearm and wrist are like the center, but then the actual center is _at the bottom_, the root chakra areas, while the actual external dimension is _at the top_, where we consider the forth to be "higher" dimension: "The pharynx is a /../ continuous tube with that of the
nasal cavities" (see Figure 22.1.3). Figure 15.3.1 contains Eustachian tube, another tube connected to pharynx, where ear-related health problems combine. Physical ethos of eating and breathing, our connection to external world - where urinating is at the bottom - are related.

Our brain vision with these frequencies, if we use this word for the top and the bottom - eating and growing is associated with the top; while exhaustion, excrementation and shrinking or losing mass is associated with the bottom - it's related how the very same heavenly body has it's "earthly roots" producing garbage, which still resonates with the ecosystem: for a plant, the very same is a fresh food as their needs for development are very basic; preceding that of the plant eaters, which itself is often followed by plant and meat eaters, like lions, eagles and humans or bears; where even dolphins eat fish.

We assume, as hands can be moved to upmost, but head to the innermost top; while our body, before it divides into two, has bottom of it at the innermost bottom, but "inside" this are the foot and legs: we associate foor with primitive matter and legs with it's frequencies in progress from matter into meanings. Our legs, together, live in a rhythmic dance: one, where as one moves back, the other moves further, symmetrically - this is the general muscle of legs, which unites them into "walk", "stand" and "run". In differentiated form they form specific parts and let us for more conscious effort: special, individuated movement of two legs. Where such movements produce wholes, such as moving in a specific direction, more general muscle of legs is doing it: it's "style", or the "muscle group" can be changes, by your bottom and shoulders, which change your postures of lower and higher frequencies: hips and shoulders, as well as muscle on real and imaginary (between legs and hands facing down and up) central axes, where body is inner, and body with hands and legs involved is "exter" in my languages (external) system.

Touch from distance: moving feet and palms together is farthest distance, massage the foot with hands, and toes on exterior and through half or the whole of both feet, which can be trained to gain flexibility: think like a duck, look like a duck, even if you are not one.
- Hands around head relate their exercise to stimulation in head, while at center of your bottom they relate to lowest chakra. Training muscles together creates sensible positional tensions and interact tensions in nearby muscles. In collective training, this happens between two humans: which, then, is the most meaningful movement? Repeating very simple movement or short series, or long non-symmetric kata, between two or more sides, could train both the sensory and motory organs in return to each another. We want an union of repeated movements or basic, central complex of movement, to train basic pre-individuation; the life would then force us to break this into more specific movements.

In evolution, the positions of our body centers must have associated routine for training and execution of the muscle, where you find you can concentrate on such complexes. Batteries can have such complicated energy rhythyms that some of them combine. The whole body muscle can move you on axes, such as position, style, or something hard to grasp, related to this. We move our disposition and rection theme, which physically happens in how our posture controls the abilities of the muscle and that we just did their relaxation and very little exercise before an action; this has natural coordinate systems and individuates / differentiates into several axes for several coordinates; while you can train them from any corner, a training session which got temporary association to readyness of such muscle, intenting to touch it, perhaps it's an emulation system meant to emulate unpredictable external world: taking any of your muscle randomly. This simulates how you can train muscle sometimes appearing as moving around you, getting part of it's connected exercises, which might happen to be the current ones where you happened to be. This way you might resonate with other people. Material realms are associated with generic senses and intentions (i.e. motor systems / muscles) and in addition you can train them in small local movements, fast around the axes of neutrality, where the local surrounding position is in least tension compared to given posture: doing fast and small circles grows the central muscle closest to the micro-external world, where the "dead matter" is in our body, but outside our mind: still very close to the small muscles and their visions, where molecules of particular types are often visible for already complex mechanisms, such as: a mechanically-gated channel (figure 12.5.3) of Anatomy and Physiology book mentioned in book collection at the root folder of SpiBody. Those already complex systems regulate electricity use compared to it's needs in small electrified components of our body. Look how symbolic is our image to their unified work: almost an unidentified emotion, vaguely compared to some other emotions, in our body. It's able for many signals, where in Zen you turn attention to your body, or in Taoism you generate it's movement with intent being the active force or yang, and muscular systems representing the yin: grid of little parts or special organs.

In the same book you find the The spinal nerves, illustrated as dermatomes on figure 13.6.2 of Anatomy and Physiology index. This was my actual search for nerves. Notice the face and other parts of the head have different, separate types of skin senses not found in your body. Now illuminate that you are going to train all those nerves. This means triggering a "tired" mechanism of growth in them; also train the nerves of each special sensory system to be fractally trained so that each part of your body has these senses, and train the fractal centers, topological patterns, to form imaginary organs - for example, strong chakras - for your energy system. Notice that while different senses differ in nerve shapes and sensor shapes, in same and different people very different shapes with different histories can be found, exercised or contemplated for different times.

Notice the element of highest frequencies of brain topology: from five elements, it's the element of Space; this part of brain actually works with empty space in back of your mouth and surrounding cave. Still, by this frequency, sickness in this area is important: it often comes from outside conditions, and develops different flues in this empty space. The muscular tone is that you are able to do various things with this flue, with substances in there: and you might lack some muscle. Muscles inside brain: I have sensed the brain is full of substance with complex form moved by complicated muscles; you can associate this with the flue in general: your brain gets full of stick liquid materials and is able to operate with them with certain pace. Top parts of my brain, by meditation, have produced very clear water to refresh the brain; it's a common Taoist or even Buddhist method to turn on this kind of systems.

Grow the fractal properties of your body: yin is the general sense or little muscle tissue, one organ for the whole body, where yang is the specific organ, seen as part of the body. Exercise nerves or fibres starting from eyes, reaching to whole body, to create virtual general organ for parts of your body; train it's movement muscles until the system connects to feet, hands and biological brain or it's own survival mechanisms on cellular and logical levels. Contemplate, how the energy patterns you can create correlate to the physical system, and how differentiation, or more locally individuation (a fractal of local individuals vs. the topology index of the whole and it's "metatime change"). Global organ is still reflected in some systems, for example the mind area of top of your head, starting from visionary center and eyes and ending higher where the hair line starts, back in the imaginary or conceptual realm, front emotion in the current moment.

This forms first touch experience:
- You train part of body, close to another, possibly touching the other with varying strength, speed, nature of touch. You feel some exercise in target area. You compare this to "healing hands" (the giver) or "heal-taking foot" (the receiver). The area behind your nose and mouth, connected to ears: this is the chrown of your body; physically it receives food and breath; mentally it's about voice and smell, so close to hearing. Physically, hearing averages higher, while it's not in the brain-structural order, where vague ordering from bottom to top, this symmetry between the front and the back brain, which also starts to project from Y to Z axe. In back of the brain, your eye positions are monitored on left and right: this is, where you look; this is the abstract theory of eyes.

You train your physical senses and movement towards nearby objects.

I have trained to walk on street, looking backwards. My method is not to emphasize any supernatural senses, which might be universally trainable or only a minority might have them inborn, or they might arrive at certain occasion: in each case, a theory based on such things is not easily commutative and we expect anybody to find their own senses on their own; I would mention while your body finds the balanced fit to any existing law of nature, so the quantum physics allows us to discover the systems, which enable evolution: matter of our bodies might structure indeed for quantum, newtonian or any existing framework to be our environment for natural selection. Even if it's not a specific function, biologically you are free-flowing in quantum or any discovered realm or law; this might not mean you are able to use the laws directly. Finding things like holograms and electromagnetic waves or radiations, or using the heat of the Sun, would enable us to consistently ask, are there any non-regular uses for the borders of our imagination; in Zen we have to be present: here and now. Our matter is not the exceptional, but the slow progress we can gain: the method we use should not be aware of existence or unexistence of the objects we hear about, but left open to experience and understanding of each other's abilities in practical world. The speciality of any power is not it's inherent quality, or by what it could help us, but a mere comparison to others.

Your exercise:
- To exercise the skill I have developed into walking on street without looking in front of me, where I make exception to vehicles as they are more dangerous and surprising, we should not give wrong advice; you need to close your eyes and let someone surprisingly move their hand in front of you, where they initially keep it a little further away on the same position, between your chest and stomach, but away. They move it, surprisingly well, without sound and other movement if possible, closer to you. It's the most easy to sense biological forms, even as you have sense for temperature and where they hide what they can, they cannot hide this temperature so easily, or floating of air.
  - The exercise, in simpler form, does not _completely_ hide sound or any effects of movement. Your goal is to find ways for sensing things without the simplicity of eyes - your body has tension, in this exercise, or one seed trial of it, to connect such senses.
  - You can try it behind a glass, such as in sound recording studio.
  - You could think of ESP, such as breaking the laws of nature, but notice it won't change anything you find in biology or physics books, and the spiritual exercise is not actually what is bound to alter our consciousness of them, even over and over to keep us surprised. Rather, the effects of intent and senses, as well as imagination and recollecting the logic and experience to form visions, imaginations towards substance; we can compare the psychological forces and assume slow, steady progress in meditations and exercise to train the very difference, which separates genius from an idiot by many means; perhaps, excluding their differing real intent. You can blur borders between beauty and ugliness, and gain special, surprising smells for your body through exercise: positions and movements might stimulate smell experiences similar to artificial smells and medicaments, where your meat-eater's life might change closer to non-addict to the meat: plants get better taste, and taste like any emotional physics is connected to what you get. Plants produce food to animals from chemicals to organic structures, animals combine to higher order and feed humans. But humans, then, could produce each step as they exercise their organism: it will reach the cure most natural to it.
  - ESP is most declined by the following argument: most processes are natural, which help us develop ESP-like experience. Our body is having connections to outside world, such as emotions and stories; inside it needs training of mind and body. For each case, specialized structures develop according to natural laws, and the fractal of goodness extends is the fractal of paradigm: while it's branches have different aspects of views, logical synchronousity: the case that foreign possibilities, in common world, combine into reasons of common ocurrance to lower the needs for space, energy and time; to all our questions, we find single, generalized answer or seed product. The rhythyms align with the strongest experiences we get, which are confirmed in anatomy, physics or philosophy books, and already have solid facts, which will be extended to spiritual world. The complex patterns and logic emerging from even chaotic causation lines, where the actual logic cannot be broken, but it appears however possible, or the tension is heavy to reach it. For science, the acceleration of ethics curve is not alien, as well as reasons for invisible occurrings of karma: that the energy would verify it's circulation. Rather, it's very visible in how science depicts the nature, ecosystems, biodiversity, positive effects of evolution, and how ethics has emerged from both religion and the science. This frameworks are important to study for ESP practicioner, where he would suddenly find their reasoning as a higher-degree contemplation on food, wars, relationships and material creatures; each energy source so hard to deplete would again prove it's form of conservation of energy and other thermodynamic laws. We arrive at nightmare similar to the one of science: one, which assumes a personal responsibility, and with irrationality of material laws, assumes boring or arrogant laws from the factory of the universe itself; it might seem stupid to die or fall lacking some energy, as life is much more easy to reason than it's to imply the "blind law" of numbers, tautologies, and what the nature initially appeared to be, what is the basis of ethical dimensions rather than speculation inside it, _a sensiori_, where it seems so _nonsense_ that we call it _dead_: this, at least, applies by some criteria of life. A sensitive needs to study the natural laws as given by science: even Babylonians, Messopotamians, Egiptians in the highness of the mystic forces in those civilizations, relied on machines.

# Multiparadigmatic physics

You have 8 different areas of mind to contemplate on Zen meditation. In the end, you got taste of one: you have one combined experience, where each part of you is balanced into the Golden Middle Way. How the Middle Way advances, and how also advances the humility in it, is a matter of development towards Heavens.

2 of such areas we should now develop:
- Sense awareness of your body
  - Starting from initial years: you body should stand still, relaxes, in usual positions. Lying on bed is one of the relaxed positions, where sitting with crossed legs to the Lotus position, which takes more to develop in conform.
  - Later years or special exercises: you need to be aware of movement.
- Sense awareness of your surroundings
  - Starting from initial years: you sit on a chair, and you are aware of people moving around you, and the potentials of things.
  - Development to parallel functions of motor activity and sensory load: you move around, nearby things; they create emotions and feelings in your body, where you respond physically.

You can see your natural reaction to surroundings and it's basic information is all around your body, and integrated synergy or evolutionary holism has associated functional body parts with emotional or nerve systems, which create complexes or systems around closely related functions: the issues of organs or centers in your leg are closely associated to what it physically does. For example, head is physically in interaction of external world, both physically, mentally and emotionally, and this is also it's function around the body.

In cooperation of your senses and muscles, and those of others, as well as responsive movement towards their equilibrum by physical objects: you mentally appear in world, which is reacting continuously, not only the machines, but also objects, their materials and all the potentials, which appear. Objects, by their function, have emotional and physical impact on you. This directly affects your movement, and also creates a mental imagery.

"Year" is an imaginary time unit and it depends, how dedicated, able or relaxed and calm you are with the meditations.

First year, the emergence: To prepare for Zen meditation:
- Energy from focus to focus on void: This is 1-5 months, where you keep yourself busy on simple routine. This focus stops your thoughts.
- Once you stop this thing which keeps your mind busy, you keep the mental state of emptyness.
- Once you created this emptiness, you develop it further until it brings great inspiration and resolutions to mental problems.

Second year, the fall: To prepare for Zen concentration:
- Energy from void to void in focus: This void develops into attention, which produces creativity and eight consequences such as right speech and right intent. To focus this very same attention, once you recognize it by it's feeling, on a mental subject or physical object, such as complex of senses from it's potentials and feelings from touching it, explore the complex dimension of ever-changing mind.
- We move this emptiness around, which is a Zen in focus: this, as opposed to mindfulness or wholemindedness is a contemplation or focus. This focus, as the object of contemplation is now the meditator and not us, will heal the object on it's own.

I emphasize these bodies:
- Biomaterial body: materialist concept of your body and it's environment. This sensory input does not necessarily produce more control of the body, while it's the simples: just gather any physical information in your body area. Do it with physical Zen silence.
- Biological body: body's symbolics, it's own language about itself and about the fractal around. Body has it's language of creation the physical movement, sensing and responding; it also visualizes your growth and training, it creates emotions which make you pain about it's parts or celebrate them as they are. Inner organs: the simplest is pain and pleasure or lack of pain, while you develop this black-and-white picture into colors; your mental imagery uses you senses, logic and creative elements to envision the structures, and your visionary chakra or higher part of your brain, before the crown at the top (as a mental imagery), or general vision structures in your brain chemistry, physically; in these centers the "fantasy" or "processed perception" is created, as well as in any other part of your body, where some symbolics is a common language. While symbolics of race or eductation might differ, we have common symbolic language for humans: more or less, emotions depicted as "aura images", easily associate with the same emotions when we look at them as if they were artist images. We produce art, which might randomly fit with religious or visionary, higher-sense images of others. Synaesthesia could occur: when synapses grow in high rate between these areas of brain and it's visions, normal senses of arts might turn into similar visions in added channels or dimensions of the image, connected positionally or topologically with their references.
- Intellectual body, or virtual body: intellectual image is abstract and scientific, or highly poetic and symbolic. We envision complex civilizations and images of biodiversity. This is also to envision.
- Unity body, our cellular form: meridians are the axes where we move, and the dimensions of our higher space; creative complexity of patterns appears in unity: this is composed on it's whole, embodied as reincarnation of God, or His prophet, avatar or iconic image; we are separate beings, but only in dimension in the Cosmic Whole. Paradox of identities and separations is complex. This is hypothetical to many.

We are biological solvers, and we work like logic machines: whatever we sense or perceive, we solve. Attention, then, on it's own is the input data, which makes us to resolve.

A logical solver like Prolog, is a computer system, which solves logic. There are models to explore the combinatoric space, such as Newton's method for solving some irrational functions with linear properties: it would reach creative truth of logic, but it depends on combinator. It's turning an attention to an area of logic, where combinator is able to evenly combine each combination of this area - each combination of the input. Then, Zen resolves that in us, each potential on the potential field is equal, and we are approximating towards balanced field. These balanced combinations, through gateway or portal of Attention, reach our Mind: having seen them, it would never fail them again.

In our emotions, thoughts and responses, there is vivid imagery: emptyness of our own activities produces Zen, which does not bring one detail into close attention, but as the dimensions and complexities, forms and patterns get mapped, they are not a product of issues we zoom into and repeat, but they are creative resolutions on wide range of data we are not even fully conscious about, and the direct responses to our mind to it's changes. In Zen of life, you let go of the particulars, and get closer to holistic, united paradigm of (your) life. This paradigm is unique for you.

Confucian is an official practice, where christian is a mental organization of unity of many: in addition to your growth into synergy with others, these raligions directly reason about unities, unions of people, and you concentrate on your self in abstract: as one person in this. Confucian, thus, can easily become an official, and most probably a man serving in single position of complex group. Use these means to connect with the whole, and inspire your cells to be your cells in addition to becoming unique individuals.

Science would differentiate between material body, as measured and altered by monotone devices; the biological body as measured and intented by our introspection and motor systems; it also cannot avoid there is creativity and progression inside us, a "crown chakra" of unexpected change and unmapped horizons, such as even science news - we vaguely constitute a person in this effort for growth by many, and interaction with natural systems: whether we succeed to be their equilibrae, is this the state of matter which is "better than mere physics" and would survive it's altering - in case of material body, which has much less physical tension, a mere object might win in a competition of natural selection, and unknown physical condition might spread; the case where natural event destroys us, can then be more complex than only a blind comet on it's deadly way by chance; the reason of life might start in such matter, which has less destructive moments to physical matter. Seeing, how the material states organize into more self-keeping forms; your intelligence is an acceleration function to physics, which now becomes an alchemy by it's selection between consequences, to form a more solid reason: a parallel to goals appearing in it's electromagnetic resonance.

Zen 3: Focus on body and it's surroundings.
- Initial states: sitting down, focus on surroundings; lying, focus on your body; in yoga posture, do each of them or focus on your breath and posture.
- Focus on every sensation and intent to sense your body. Sense with yourself, with that part of body itself etc.

# Training experience: out-of-body visualization

As you train your complex system, not only the muscle force, in each case complex relations appear outside the body, connecting it's parts in complex dimensions. Complex interactions of body parts and their training can create visualization, which rather seems to be outside of the body: the symmetries of the body parts and their responses are evolved in a way where they have meaningful relations with world around you.

For example, you train a muscle, but instead of getting trained, it creates interaction of body parts around you: the nerve connections and other relations, even logical and symbolic, such as fingers connected by muscles in meaningful way, for example muscles for grasp, making solid disposition of thumb and little finger, in addition to their position in relation to twist and hand. Some system might emulate ball in your hand, or complex pattern of events your developing system would handle. Relations to similar positions and exercises often create common complexes, and training extremes of complexes still leads to layers - we have evolved in a way where our movement has high amounts of synchronicity - when similar to the one of C.G.Jung., this synchronicity of efficient systems to reduce the need for "variables" or "parts" is similar to fact collections becoming theories - we train, rather than single movements, the meaningful systems of body with their complex of movement, taste, smell and specific feelings; this is why we keep low intensity exercise in terms of speed, effort and many other properties, and instead do it for long time - while systems get tired and replaced, we do not consume the whole battery and we explore the related systems, developing consciousness to choose between muscle types.

Zen 5:
- Initially, try to feel a close object or even block a movement such as hand coming towards you, or if you are so advanced to feel non-biological object, catch a ball.
- For "blind walk" on street in it's various forms, even my simplified form where I still get some visual cues about surroundings - do not develop one special power, but develop consistently all your physical, mental and spiritual senses. In complexity of your senses you develop additional feelings.
- The material intuitions might be in many different forms, and the development is better if unified with balanced development of all senses.
