# Train with ease

As a child, I had a tendency to put heavy effort into things - to tolerate cold with smile, to use all my soul for a physical activity, to easily get some wounds each day either by running on street, playing in the forest or doing some work.

First with physical activities, then with alcohol, then with board games - later, I decided to not use such force; for a child it's normal if each evening is passed in pain of wounds, overefforts and other things - for growing body it could be only fun. There was point in time when I felt it could kill me; let's say it was when I was 17. Now in 40, the effort itself is becoming more effortless, the levels of pain are trained; in such way I could have a face which occured when I was heavily "dead" from the training, but I'm still moving normally. "Effortless" does not mean not using force, but it means that as you get older, recovery is harder than growth in the young.

You could have ease with tension and willfulness, but you do not have ease with anything, which would need you to boost up your speed of health and recovery: as your health, among other things, is trainable and gets stronger (for example, as a man attacked me on street lately, now my back feels like some bone is almost broken, having a crack, but the system around has alternative muscles and fractal connections and allows more or less free movement - for a little simulation, I jump or move very sharply in a way to recover from lack of pain - I have even done exercise to feel pain from smaller injury -, which produces a bold feeling of growth - the whole injury is very pleasurable in this sense that it activated bone growth and more realistic attitude of my back muscles -; as the health is trained, each such agression from me to speed up recovery is followed by muscles with "superhero" feeling taking over the area and restoring it's safe position so that it is not sensible or visible that this is broken). With these examples, the "ease" is not the case of lacking an effort - it's the case of making most of the efforts useful and not making the effort stronger than needed - for example, fighting itself takes effort and it's better to avoid it while keeping your personal battle for life going on - then what would constitute a battle are only the enemies of life, who are like animals: in start of the run, they can be faster than humans, but in the long run, humans get advantage and win; which means that rather than battling, one needs to survive the battles and especially the peaceful time when those who fear, appear as your friends - as they get closer to the victory, they get you used with some distance and self-standing, so do not think you are karma yourself, let the principle work on it's own: circulate what you have until you can't, where the circulation of the money fulfills the principle seen in capitalism - as you separate the energy circles, or on their own, you start missing energy to support that which won't keep it, and the smaller effort you put into useful people will start to benefit you, being your actual startup capital - as the hungry demons run around to catch it all, to work where it is, to fulfill all the ethics in their highest degree of the view, real money becomes invisible: if the money is real, having substantial value or stability in long-term market, it could melt into this visible thing, but otherwise you start feeling the riches in wisdom, cooperation and your vision of the future. Tense cramp to keep what you "have": where you can not lose, where you are winner in your own situation, you are not a real Viking (Svava Sigbertsdottir is now our coach in being a Viking - I did choose a book with least words to explain a Viking: "Think like a Viking" start with the case that who thinks like a Viking and does like a Viking, is Viking; because Viking means winner, and believes in real winners, we cannot decide solely by race, religion or philosophy - well Svava also has to train different people so the "Viking" is also a trademark, really she has flexible exercise program following the modern guidelines, and so do we: there is no one trait for ultimate winner, thus there is no one trait for a Viking; there is one trait for degenerates, who will love their blood or religion, but lose as the waves bring newer society; Vikings can be seen as being killed as a nation, just like the royals have been killed in different nations - for others, such events can seem like genocides, but for winners we call this an evolution, since when we fail dreaming us out, we can still succeed in natural selection). So if you get stuck with your victory, if it's the "practic" aspect of you and the loss would be "theoretical", you are like hungry demon: you are not on ease and effortless being, but it's really an effort to keep your world together. Layer by layer, the worlds, trusts, hopes and dreams of our youth fall apart, and remaining to be young is to get rid of your skin as if you was a snake, who loves himself so clearly, but then betrays with a poison, throwing away the part we see as identity - a snake does _not_ protect his own skin as the years pass by, the snake grows; one cannot be friend, then, with a snake, _solely by keeping a smile_, like you could feed a dog or a cow; like a cat, the snake could watch the hand, which gives it the food, much more than the food itself; how could Cleopatra ask this friend to kill her?

I did choose Svava as our Viking coach not because she is very much like a Viking of a myth - she does not speak of magic, her exercise and diet is rather known by doctors and her "Viking" impression is seeminly rather a trademark than heavy load of mythology - and overall, her "Viking philosophy" fits into a few pages. I _did_ find Viking-specific book, where you could learn runes and poems in language of the old, but here we see another things:
- Her being more like a modern person than Viking is reflecting the common Viking culture and music: you find Vikings just painting Japanese-style pictures or doing band where there are no Vikings at all, with a touch of our culture and heart; Viking is so much bound to the quality that the quantity of being a Viking is more or less lost; the themes they show are definitely winners. "Two steps from Hell", for me, is pure Viking: you just see them fighting and singing with heroes of the other nations, not defending anything particular of our race - that's what Svava is.
- She gives you good exercise, but you can find quite the same exercise and diets from scientific magazines and popular culture: I could say the actual Viking training is very different. Herein, she is not bringing you the "culture", but simply what works; and she is kind of stupid about magic - if there is magic at all, it constitutes in finding some exercises, which are really efficient compared to how much effort they take. It's a Viking to put them into one book.
- She really did spend a few words on culture and this culture is almost shaming me in sense that it's the internationally known cliche of some common truth, like "be willful". While the truth is so obvious and known, the case is rather that it's the truth itself - a real Viking is not going to be so deep, with long sentences and texts, unless it's me, rather they tell you to work hard and they are unable to explain even this very much, they want to see things just get going and they do not care who you are. We are not protecting the national identity unless the project is defined as such - in latter case, how many Vikings would learn runes at all (even if we enjoy the beauty of this song).
- She is kind of dumb, telling you just what to do, and not original at all - me too, when I used to read much, now it's all about finding a 60-page book and I'm quite happy going through that. Intelligence is for shamans, and a Viking shaman could suddenly start complaining that they cannot work in the garden. Well like any other shaman. There is a story of my grandfather: he told, before dying, that he would write another book when he gets ready with table in his sleeping room, and while the table is there, he died before this book.

Training with ease does not mean that you do not have given minutes per day for real effort - it rather means that when you are old, you are not that sick as a normal body builder. Put as much effort into your rest as you put into your exercise, and as much into your eating as much you put into your fasting - as Mantak Chia said, when training you learn both to eat heavily and to fast well.

## Fractal body

The body, just as the complex of religions and sciences, is a fractal: chinese often use the legs to control and heal this fractal, while I do use hands. In Buddhism, hands and stomach carry some importance and I train hands, my stomach has also somehow trained itself (but not like Buddha) - training hands, I get some initial force all over my body.

What are hands (I mean, palms):
- They do not get tired: you can train each body part into heavy pain, but in my case it's very hard to do with palms of my hands - they might pain, but they do not stop working.
- They are intelligent: if you would like to be da Vinci, the palms are definitely the most important part. Complexity of their movement means that by completely training the positions of hands, your chosen power is intelligence.
- They are magical: human magic in sense of the old times is closely related to hands. The magic consisted much in how you could cure, plant, cook or hunt, which is mostly related to hands.
- Failure of flexibility in your body is often related to hands, foot or the small ends not tolerating the tension - by training hands, foot and joints you train the weakest part, thus you remove bottlenecks from other movement.
- Ease and effortlessness: to train hands is the least effortful, it does not take heavy load of willful power.

Energy spreads:
- When you train hands, starting from wrists and thumb, most easy to train:
  - First the wrists and thumb get stronger; when they are stronger, still training them starts to train, from distance, the body, hands and legs into one direction, and fingers into another direction.
  - At certain steps they make some sudden progress, enabling production of vitamins and new forces you can feel in large parts of your body.
  - When the new forces appear around your body, for some 55 minutes of hand training, spend 5 minutes to specifically train each region, which was affected.

With hands, do not train them symmetrically - when the amount of training to both hands should be similar, notice that:
- Use different programs for both hands, as they have different nature. This also holds for body, especially internal, since organs are not symmetric and you do not want to disable it all at once - train similar external movements to both sides, so that you do it to other side at least a few times, but use different training for internal complex. I am left handed and the lessons my left hand learns in a day would follow from right hand in months; at the same time, right hand is capable for certain efforts - those are not so intelligent.
- Notice if some part of you has become weaker than others, such as one hand lacking the movement of another - try to catch up and to develop such sense; very often, the same-feeling hand movement from both hands is impossible.
- Where you can, often do symmetries - for example, finger exercise of both hands can be very different, but it could still train the same or similar activities.

Do not follow me in training the hands as you might not have intelligence as your habitual trait, or you might not be Buddhist, or even the hands might not be the parts of you with the most attention and consciousness - my kind of habit is practical engineering, so the hands of an engineer make sense. If you want to be more into material world, you could train the whole body as an unit and the hands would catch up on their own - it's very typical that you need to train one part, but other parts will learn on their own and need rather initiation with single or rare effort than the full training program. You train your legs, combined with work on the points, because the force points in the legs might be sharpest, also you might be interested in business rather than engineering - with foot, you get the power to live in another place, move the goods and the products, and interact socially with people, legs provide you with new opportunities so you do not feel stuck, people can not pressure you with "golden traps", especially with the normal traps such as business tricks and control. Train your ass and genitals to be complete person, where the whole body of you becomes the seed of the fractal - as in Spain, one rather needs to pick the cherries than to grow them; the middle of you connects the upper and lower part and makes you complete, you will get a full-life syndrome. Train your legs if you want to be patient. Train your body if you want to connect with elements - organs, hearth, breath. Train your head and brain if you want to have vision and general intelligence (vision, communication) and to be part of a bigger fractal (crown - emotions on face, speech, vision, they form meridians to locate you in coordinate systems, you will get axes of movement in the bigger system).

## The large fractal

Chakras and energies inside your body are related to your self, your conscious being. Outside your body, you connect to external world - down, back and left is the world of atoms, electrons, tissues and small muscles, world of elements; "inside" you are biological, but "outside" in this sense could be part of you, but it's material - the "dead matter" is necessarily a part of conscious you, the physical and chemical reactions are rather out of your intuition and form the "materials" or "elements"; to know your own elements and materials is kind of "extrasensory" experience. Upwards, front and right is the other exterior - things bigger than you; such as society and the universe - even if you are part of these, you are so small that it's hard to notice, one dot of the limit value; rather, you are not personally conscious about this.

The neutral position or axe of a body part is it's effortless position - there are several positions, some of them more central, where the part of the body is not in tension to be in this position, or which is restored when you relax. Starting from this position, around it, you can form smaller and bigger circles - the smaller circles can be very fast and thus you do enornomous amount of exercise in very short time; when they break (i.e. open, get exercised or make a level), this new skill spreads very fast in your whole body - interaction of atoms is very fast. You could use thumb or a pointing finger next to it for simplest generation of the fractal, while the "genes" or "genesis", which makes you up, starts from the top of the little finger.

After long periods of similar, still different exercises, you get some training upwards in the fractal - you "see" a big muscle around you, perhaps rotating and moving, and you can train a little part or point of it as long as you stay in contact. This muscle is able to move the big axes of your life.

# Journey, adventure

Muscles could develop one single force in straight line in case you have very specific goal, such as specific kind of a force - this is what I call "specialization". In society, we need to develop specialized powers - our fractal cell is yin and yang, from our-centric perspective this specialization is yin, while the holistic generalization is yang. We develop the yin forces to become atoms in something big, and this is important to develop all you need to be an unique, separate person, member of your family, race, religion and dream of the journey, work and life; your body is your creation.

The other half is the principle that muscles should develop the seeds and basic existence of each important force only to the level to use it, to be firm. It's hard to define in single manner, what is a "balance", as you can see the paradox that you need to do it in limited space and time - train extremes, centers, complexes, weakest parts and the ones, which are easy to train. Use relaxation and creative movement such as dance - with any exercise you create something local, but with unstructured or senseful movement before and after you make sure that all the connected systems get some tension - if you create a localized training power, it's very easy to fall into "forbidden position delusion" - many positions would hurt the untrained parts of your body.

I do not work with straight back. In Viking world, we see people on ladders in unconfortable positions, all the body cavities filled with nails and tools, for long times - while our body gets pained and tired, and is not able for it's full effort, and the ladder lacks contact with Earth; each of these things are trainable - Viking would "kill" himself for many years, and develop alternative systems, but they do not fail to be physically free; so for Viking, it's close to truth that there are no forbidden positions - it's not to keep your back straight, your chest in the front with tension, to pull heavy things without muscle of the back, which could be injured etc. Rather, we get the hell out of the cage, the trap, the "matrix" in this very personal sense - Viking moves freely and keeps the unconfortable and painful positions for long time enough. With this I warn you that you might not be a Viking:
- If you have serious health problems with these things, consider the "own risk" attitude and the case that it needs to be rather effortless. Effortless means that for each such thing there is a possibility to kill this, and the possibility to get stronger.
- Do not think it's getting you to simpler and better life. It's getting you to poverty, hunger and no success at all, and you get wounds and injuries which take long to heal. You will not get any better, but in abstract you get more Viking - and that's why Svava is rather having more up-to-sky attitude in this case, by which I mean down-to-earth for any limited time. Rather compare this to inner war - you are lucky if you win anything, but most probably you are going to lose something. I lost my teeth, and in a sense I lost my youth. Paradoxically, my Viking attitude is rather the one of a loser - notice that where there are losers, there are winners as well (it's hard to guarantee anything further). My Tarot card is a "fool", and I compare losing the teeth to Odin, who lost one eye.
- Now, consider this: for each thing I broke for years, most of them, long later, had heavy recovery to heavenly state. For other things, there is no certanty to recover at all - some of which, might be dearest to your life.
- Said all this, the worst: you keep each part of you alive, you are stable and you are even growing, but face one truth: you will never be strong. Any strength of you has a "winners attitude" as one could call it: you have never lost in your life. What's wrong in this? I see girls, who were in strong connection with me, but the men could forcefully break those connections giving them more hope, and fearing them with an attitude - I think of money of this girl, of stability, of standing; you can not suggest a girl to risk, or to fight to the end - you have nothing to offer. It's enough to see in these eyes the fear of uncertanty, powerty or blood of their own - a fear of an impulsive forest journey. Crying girl definitely _lost me_, and I can only suggest a stable man once I recognized this all experience. This seems like I _want to be a loser_, but with one nuance - they are trapped. While I have this love to let them go, but I don't see them as heroes: there is no definite solution for a girl to win, to be strong, to suggest a sacrifice, and there is no reason to suggest the girl to not be yin, to float in their own waters; despite of all this: I will meet my Viking girl in stormy ocean waters, or if not, just because of vacations. They are not giving the money away, but they could go to prison - the prison of their own minds. While I do not want them to get poor - to give up their sad sources of income - this is not because I would think it's high; this is just because I see them dying. The war is: I am not standing with suit, for two hours, on articulate position, like Sid - just to impress their boss; like Tom Sawyer, I would be far on the waters not coming back. If this daily routine is a victory, then loss is worth it - it does not _sound_ Viking, but it sounds like Mark Twain: if heaven consists of orchestra of singing widows with wings, you really want to go to the hell. What is the victory two steps from hell? It's the case that if your routine is low, you need to learn direct survival, and when you do stable walk to small victory - when heading to raise up, just to your legs, just to work and sing at the same time, you meet the direct survival: you won't do the will of a bad boss.
 - Herein, I am not suggesting to be a rebel - I am suggesting to give away what does not serve you, which can be either pain or pleasure. I gave away those women with their dreams, this money with it's attitude, and this security with it's fears and hopes. I do not ask it from you, as I do not believe in you, and I do not ask it from a woman, as I do not believe in her - I believe in myself as I deserve the control over me. You get it all from me - friendship, love and the stupid stances with your boss, you get the routine work and you get me feared about your losses of your pennies, you get it all ..what you do not get is _honour_: I do not help you to get the honour, and I do not suggest that I will win, Viking is as mystically ignorant for victories as mystically ignorant is a true king for power or a jew for money - it's most typical that a jew would lost all their money almost by will, and fall into debts, because they won't walk it straight - one day, you see them up again, or they are not a jew; you see them playing with a bankruptcy of themselves and others in a way which you never comprehend, in a way not understandable by thought and contemplation, in a way completely without reason - for them, it's natural, and for you, it's magic. Honour is the same: if you ask me who is the winner, I can not answer as I do not care. But if you do not give this present away for the actual victory, this is not for honour. The honour is not a victory - many achieved it by death, and for a Viking, while there might be religious considerations, rather they might lack belief so much that they seem to get nothing at all.
 - This was the negative consideration or the warning. The positive consideration: you can not be none of a Viking, as we are common european tradition of even more common human race; we somehow cope with Shaman of this and another race, with developments and with modern technology and belief, even with routines and boredom of the heaven. Also, you do not have to be my wife, neither my friend in this fuzzy struggle - and overall, me myself I do this all in my small way, I do not run into danger so easily. Conceptually, what I want to say: each thing such as wrong posture or giving away your safe job and greedy friend, in your positive attitude it can be loss, but in the negative attitude of mine: as time passes by, it makes you strong. Certain positions _do_ make me weaker and _do_ create an injury, but after all this experience they are actually safer for me than correct postures for others, and I enjoy the little things I still get, like a smile from a true fighter. The people who suggestively try to convince me for their small victories - another car, another few thousand euros per month; well with my scientific work, with all the results I got from fasting of life, from being kind of a hermit - it's not worth it.

Where is the ease I am talking about now? For me, it's the case that I actually follow this all quite effortlessly, it's not a heavy principle but a balanced force - another moment I can choose just what would please me, here and now, without caring to make a sacrifice for another who asked it with the silent sound of a poor animal, for equality or for the sake of humankind. A sacrifice, by it's nature, is irrational, and it's not completely present - rather, you make a sacrifice without a sacrifice; you would not understand the "good people", who could turn your loss into their instant victory - it's not the intent to be good, because a sacrifice is a bad thing. Just to give away your food for a weaker to eat - the element of sacrifice is so small that it's rather like a healer Buddha, it does not exist, it's a thing you need to do in a "Muslim way of Barcelona": ask for bread tomorrow, once you are hungry, and call them your brother; it's so funny to turn these sacrifices into helping the people, who need it the most, counting each bread and each euro as if it had a monetary value. Sometimes, I helped friends for a year with something - once I stopped, they got this feeling to go away, because it would zero the account to help me back; while I might enjoy to do this eventually, I might like to enjoy how it slowly breaks, slowly breaks me, slowly develops a desire to be left alone - but the sacrifice itself is rather unreasoned, I hit and break my bone with a crack not so much for any particular purpose, but for the purpose of pain - it's not earning a penny for any other person, and it's not giving me strength tomorrow; any of those things are not directly happening nor guaranteed. I do feel the force, the healthy prospect if this is done right, and I heal up - really it's impossible to hear without exercising the very overworked part of you, to use the unusable -; the meaning is still deeper: the meaning is freedom of movement. Would I heal it naturally, keeping it warm and safe, perhaps visiting a doctor: something would be weaker, not necessarily the bone, but keeping the healthy lifestyle would not directly suffer from this weakness - if I would be careful to not hit it again, the bone in it's natural form would be safe enough to be a winner, and slow exercise when it's strong would turn it stronger anyway. The fight for physical freedom does not come from thinking, or rational reason - it's a Viking trait, rather than intelligence of a Viking; by that I mean: I do not have longer time being rich than you, by you and riskless mentality is often safe throughout their life, unless they get sick.

So what is going with ease?

As I stated, it's not going for particular purpose - in Zen, on says you have to live in the present, not in the future and past. By binary logic it would seem you need to not make plans, dream or contemplate on the visions - notice that with the words of Buddha, as more shortly he has said, as more central it is, the word is a symbol: you need to solve it more and more, you need to contemplate and meditate, and you won't resolve the complete meaning, which would become even more distant as you progress. For a beginner, it's true that they have traumas of past, wishful thought about the future, and a heavy noise to overcome - on this vibration level, Buddha is talking quite straight. Once you pass this, the concept of "void", "stillness" or "silence" gets more and more complicated. For example, in Zen you give away what goes away - initially, it's very hard and overcoming your feelings, you give it away. Then, you reach what I call yen in my language: you also give away the Zen. In basic binary logic this would lead to paradox, but life never lets us become free of the feeling of paradox - we ought to sought for riches, food and pleasure, but hardly we learn to relax about this, and more hardly we learn that we are still guilty when we do not have them; the life is looking us with an ugly face of a sinus and asking for impossible: yes or no is never enough, thus it's a binary paradox.

Chinese proverb states the first Li is a beginning of a road, and you concentrate on each Li instead of a destination. In my own language, based on Chinese in some relations, I call destination a "Le" - but as I stated in text about disabled exercise, the destination could never reach and you still go - this uncertain destination I call "Lu", which sounds like some bad chinese word relating to ghosts and false foxes, especially in my own language, where the letters are systemic instead of hieroglyphs. By this, lets make a conclusion:
- Your exercise is not supposed to take you there: do not think of perfect biceps, of fluid activities; rather use the spiritual means to not effort to seem something; let yourself free and practice, each moment, things you don't do perfectly, rather than becoming non-Viking by my definition few paragraphs before: this perfection, that you only do things, which do not take visible efforts, makes you look like a false politician, like a person with perfect suit, but the suit does not reflect their life. In school I did not go with the suit, because I saw the class faking some perfect classroom and perfect looks and feels, while this was not perfect - we were running around and doing all kinds of annoying things, we were really ruining the education more than doing this; I had clothes, which looked like smokings, half-way to suits, and I loved those, but standing straight with very perfect look of my clothes was not for me. Occasionally, my body gets my chest tense in front to tell something to a girl, but this tension I cannot avoid does mean that I strictly keep in line in regards to that specific girl, and it's full of emotion; well I would look my chest sometimes surprised, because it's very fast and strong and doing something irrational to me - it's my mystic experience. When I look at picture of Spanish princess Leonor: I do not think much of this politics and these politicians, but a Viking cannot stand without standing in _any_ line - fairly, it's non-human power to stand for the *whole* royal family; or for the *whole* government - the governing forces are doing many things around, but in humble attitude it's fair enough if you are taking some of this; well and you just ruin the day if you do not understand the thing - after all, you are not a governor, unless you are Christian or Confucianist, the latter really taking the career, and perhaps running around every day in the offices and trying to do something; but in the end, even for Confucianist, they have hierarchies and positions, each doing a little. I can emphasize with the princess: looking the picture, in my imagination she is the princess; for example the king does not tell me anything at all - I think I should read some boring texts and find out I am too active; well the princess is the future Queen. About your exercise: you never get anything perfect, just as I never get a perfect straight position - with enough training, perhaps I could have the force to stand straight for anything and everything and to understand this perfectly; in the school, I just saw the fakery - in Kung Fu, one master told that the shoulders need not to be straight, but normally a little bit in front and relaxed to be healthy; in fact - nothing in your body needs to be tense all the time, it's normal if the muscles look weak unless you have some actual tension. When chest is in actual tension, and it's the work of a heart, or related chakras - you do not change the position of your spline to look straight, but you do just make your chest naturally tense to look perfectly straight - your back bone is still curved; stretching your back bone to move your chest to front is absolute illusion. Moreover you have another problem: if you really keep your chest in tension in any given situation, first you are not a king: you would look so cool that people might really accuse you in lying, even if you do not; second, you do not know what you are promising - if it's the natural activity of your body, you might assume it really did promise this, whatever this irrational position means (irrational: not connected to any specific word). Suits, the same way - they make you look straight by creating a position, but the real matter is *are you straight*, and it's not about good will - it's about the force, an actual firmness. As enlightened people are humble to not create false positive impression, an enlightened body training does not impose you are absolutely straight - I saw a beautiful girl in a party, with good clothes and makeup, but when we reached her home with our common friends, she turned out to be fat and short. She should have given me another reason, because that look would mean something about self-work, a makeup in far deeper sense, or she should have given up for another girl I meet later. We are not supposed to run around with these sensory desires, in our hallucination of the illusory world. In the real world we get less, but it has taste. The same way: you are not exercising for the goal in the future, but only aligned to it: you are really exercising for the natural growth of your body.

To be effortless means that you do not ruin your life with depletive training - Erki Nool, an olympic winner of Estonia, ran out of health; as the Taoist books I mentioned do state: this kind of training does not make you strong, because it's a very high strength to live long, or to become immortal - notice that immortality in our use is a relative term and we are longing for exercise to improve our life span and health; then the immortality in a perfect health would happen if this training is taken to the ideal, and it's the "end of the way" - in our case, we find out how the training is good for our life span and health, and we generate good karma of helping ourselves and others in this, but the term "immortality" is the idealistic absolute of this, and it's an interesting speculation whether ourselves or others have reached or do reach it, or whether the way to immortality is different from the way of long life and health; moreover, a perfect health is not even considerable - it means you give up the infinite raise of your dreams, it's not aligned with the laws of imperfection and Dukkha; rather we get more sensitive to health cases and we take our ideals higher, becoming sensitive to new forms of pain and taking them more into our hearts. As Buddha says, immortality is about aligning the karma of our different lives, and as Taoists say, the physical immortality rather means long life, and the spiritual immortality means something similar to what Buddha stated. If Buddha said not to seek physical and infinite immortality: maybe, an immortal sould would choose to dye and to build another body from the source, once upon the time, and maybe it's even not worth it. I personally do not warn against such immortality, but I definitely warn against the belief in it - where I say "the end of the road does not exist", I precisely mean that we should value the little progress and helping others achieve it, and things like infinity of money, power, health, life - while there are different infinities, in each case we rather do realistically by considering the Platonic idea of living in the world of shadows, and the ones we have seen to run with their heads to the wall, trying to break right into some forms of ideals - where the ideals themselves are not so ideal, especially the ones we invent, and the Zen of giving it each away is far more important; in gold rush of America, in end of Alchemy and barbarian Whichcraft in Europe, in hope for even higher Tulp prizes in Netherlands and end of it - in each such event we see the ideals breaking and creating the opposites of themselves.

"Effortless" means that while directions are often real, and you are making steps towards ideals, the ideals themselves are for the blind, as contrary it is to their definition.

# Layers of muscles

Do meditate on your physical and biological senses.

Consider that the imagination from your body - it gives you this in pictures, in availability of will, in symbols and magical hints; this is where the magic is real: your body can tell you things, and it's conscious of the journey we take. You can see visual images and you can see how much of the energies you sense in the people are actually about their physical make-up and exercise, slowly merging to skills, knowledge and mind (about Ching, Chi and Shen).

Where my muscles and bones break (open), I see images: for "black muscle" like the one of Bruce Lee, I see black squares of different sizes; for the "red muscle" like Arnold Sczhwartznegger I see something red; sometimes I see an imagination of the whole body; each cell is vibrating it's new possibilities and it's often having to do with other cells.

You grow different layers of muscles and you need to concentrate on it.

## Layers of stretch

You also have layers of bones, including their strength and the stretch they take. For each layer of muscles with different strengths, use them separately - while you can stretch far with a strong muscle, you would stretch much less with your muscle of "24/7", the normal and firm, kind of weak muscle, for the common work and life - unless you only want to stretch in special occasion, for the heavy lift, which is 5 minutes of work of your day - use the weaker muscles to stretch and you stretch the more common work and life muscles and bones (which you then break with a click). Use the weaker muscle and try to stretch to normal positions of the body - this flexibility is for your everyday doings, 9 or 10 hours of your day and the sleep positions.

# Body intelligence 1

Most generally, the body intelligence is the number of more or less firm positions it can take.

The palm movements you have in one position are not available in another; the complex interrelations of body are visible in fingers - this is very relative to other fingers how much you can stretch them. Also, as you get tired, you do not have just less strength, but less flexibility, freedom and speed.

You need to find the corners - to train the furthest positions, where training of one position least trains the other. Once you train one part, all the other parts become better - for example, if you stretch the hands, also your legs open more; training each part of the body makes it easier or almost unnecessary to train another.

In case your weak muscles can take different combinations of parts of your positions, your body intelligence is raising - if the brain is connected well (train each missing step of your neck), this also makes clicks and cracks in the brain - naturally, you become more free.

Relation of freedom: extravert sense would tell you the freedom is bound to others; once you train your body: the world, in relation to you, makes you more free - once you move intelligently and intuitively, with stronger body, you get tears in your eyes about freedoms to cross the road or to walk more straight; in your relative senses about the world: the world would seem to change.

# Body intelligence 2

Your training trains the training - in beginning, you train the muscle and the skills. Over time, you train the training itself - pain moves deeper and you pain not only about what you trained, but also about what you have. The neutral level of your health and ability would raise.

# Body intelligence 3

The pain is virtual: as you progress, the body creates feelings of insults and weakness in your body; it can hint that a specific part is an idiot, weak or a pervercy - certain muscles, when weak, feel like pervercies. Then, instead of taking less your "perverted positions" - take them more. Things which seem kind of disgusting should not create workarounds - take straight moves to the result even if it looks bad, even if people feel they are thus "higher"; for example, moving a weak ass is a shame - but moving a strong ass is a Spanish dance.

Root chakra, once you start to feel it, is able to radiate such amount of shame that you feel a true pervercy - in it's initiation, it would get you through all the things like washing your clothes on the street, like children running suddenly through your legs, like you are cleaning your shirt from a coffee in public place, like you are just walking with a carro full of shit... Opening the root chakra would make you feel thousands of such things at the same time - well it's worse than a dog trying to do it's thing on a human, or many things which create shame as you avoid them; you got shame showing your car, removing your clothes with a girl or getting an important person entering your house - as better you make it, as worse it gets. Your root chakra, in the first step, is going to _feel_ all this and you would get a similar experience just throwing a bag of shit on your body. Well, we got some people who do not seem to have this shame - but once they want to grow, even a large Italian house might suddenly seem like a shit for whatever reason (well it's not for me to comment - I am talking about a normal people around, who got it *closed*, or who entered the harder life in which it's still closed; in case of normal people, where the real consciousness enters their root, the shame enters a role of the pain: imagine doing an exercise each day and being happily shamed at each evening).

# Effectiveness

While you need to train the muscles you do not understand, learn each day, from each activity, about what needs training.

You should do it in effortless way - instead of stretching to the end, be happy with repeating the stretch around it; instead of forcing it with full speed, be happy with forcing a little, etc.

Do not push yourself to do things you do not like - *train* yourself to do them; train to enjoy them. If your job is long repetition of weak moves: you do not train it much by doing heavy lift for 10 times (what you do not train is the *time*). Notice that it's still easier to train strong muscle.

# Easy go for smooth drive

Notice that often, instead of seeking for strength, speed and flexibility, you need to remove the obstacles from your way.

In certain movements, especially if you try with different muscle groups, repetition of movements, which are normal in your daily activities if you do it once (randomly); in 5 or 6 effortless, but perhaps firm, repetitions you feel cracks and non-fluid movements, if not loss of this easy strength.

When you repeat simple movements, which crack the bones or crack a little: the result is very fluid movements in your daily activities - it's not stronger, faster or necessarily more flexible, but it's rather more _straightforward_; you do many "tricks" - for example, giving something to someone, you take it in one position of the hand, then you turn the hand into completely other position in the middle way and give it to them in some upside-down position, for example if they are on your side. This means - instead of taking it straight and firm, moving hand straight to reach of that person and giving it to them, you are doing some funny circus; at positions of what become cracks in repetition you have little stops - they are perhaps not visible in beginning, but for a trained person they see you just stop your hand several times or get confused for a moment, physically.

Notice that your body movement is limited not only internally, but also externally: you get sharp emotions of surrounding spaces and you limit your movement to avoid danger zones - you are physically unable to enter them or you feel even worse. This means you need to train these danger zones, neglection of these possibilities etc.; the space around you might seem static, with things not moving and not acting - actually, everything is acting on you through this network of possibilities, and once you meditate on your senses, you feel constant feelings each thing, corner, wall, hole, chair or table in invoking in you; you feel this even from far away - you see you are walking on central line being busy with all this; this is an experience of flexibility: once you train these would-be happenings, such as training falling or training to avoid falling - in each case, your solid movement becomes more flexible, faster or stronger and you release resources in your body, which are about to neglect and cope with the dangers. People from a distance can easily irritate and distract you, even make some movements impossible, and people on street or houses, who pass by or randomly touch you, can cause irritated feelings and make you fight without doing much - Buddhist, mentally, learns to avoid such irritation, but it's much more backed-up "goodness" if you also physically train this. Imagine a man in the movie, who lets a man hit them, but then starts considering this instead of being instantly upset; you need to be set up, not up set.

# Body talk

My body told me it understands an indian girl: it made some sense muscles and shamanistic muscles to be tense, so that I looked like primitive human aware of the context - sometimes, "understanding" another person, for your body, is tensing compatible muscle groups.

Intelligence of the body consists of movements it can do - simpler, less differentiated movements are more stupid, while more complex and sensitive movements are more intelligent. Intelligence means the simple, usable positions are available in each normal position, and superintelligence means you train many combinations - you can see the body, in it's rhythyms and moves and symmetries, is like a mathematical simplification; what seems like an "idiot" does things rhytmically, moves other parts of body in same rhythym as the part they are actually commanding to use, they form static complexes of movements etc.
- This is not a metaphor: learning all this, your body becomes also more automatic - your thinking is more goal-based, and the body does more complex movements instead of waiting for single instruction; it could blind you and cross the road in way you fear, or it might feel tension to order things on the table when you are intending to wait for the food - it becomes kind of forceful and sometimes hard to tame with it's more natural intents.

Our society is more intelligent with more intelligent body.

Creativity for our body is to learn things deeper: instead of learning each thing separately and meditating hard to get your body heal - yes meditation heals, because the muscles and organs have this ability and it's the mental power; for example, you can use your will to do shit, but these are autonomous muscles not under your control directly - can you definitely imply this kind of thing from having exactly 5 senses and given amount of will centers? With mental and physical exercise you make up much more capable body and indeed, many acts of will: meditation is free to use each act of will, and it's somehow idealistic to think you do not learn more and more mental skills to control mental and physical aspects of your body; in case of Taoist meditations, where you combine physical and mental, and reprogram your activities into more healthy patterns - here it's very stupid to think you are *not affecting your health*. For example, by keeping back the desire to shit is to negatively affect your body, but this is a habit which can be meditated upon - for example, doing piss when you sleep can be removed by meditation. The science, talking about spirituality, often fails to see that spirituality is also studying the available means and not just "standing still" as it states about all this; it's even opening up for more sharp instinct for our body: for example, meditations of primitive nations and shamans made them feel very sharp and clear in the forest, consequently training the ability to remain healthy in such conditions, which would make you tired and weared.

# Sleep

I would mention that in exercise and experience, now the normal sleep for me is like 2-3 hours. Sometimes I go to sleep later than twelwe-o-clock and wake up three o clock consistently.

For this, I have never *tried* to wake up early - the rhythym came with development of my mind and body and some say 3 hours is already a sacred rhythym. By this, as it's not my special intent - I used to solve math and programming at night, go to sleep at morning, sleep a long time, and sometimes to be awake for several days with some little bit delusionary feeling in the end. For now, after three hours I have got good rest and I wake up in fresh feeling - I remember as a child, waking up a 6-o-clock, it was a strange feeling and everything seemed so far, covered with some vibrating darkness.

All my life I enjoy sometimes sleeping a lot - so right now I did some heavier exercise, some hours to collect the fruits for all my body (some old exercise started to finish it's long growth cycle and to collect this, I had to do the weak exercise to get those parts going and free) - in this situation I want to enjoy sleep, with little bit tired body with some pain and inflexibility. So I wake up between 5 and 6 and enjoy a lot - consider it's two times of my normal sleep.