# Walking free

My chosen sport is walking - I used to like walking for many hours, and currenly I learn walking in more complex sense.

Several walking exercises can give you great pleasure, and initially it's very good to do them one by one - by a few weeks or months of exercise, you have trained some muscle:
- Many people keep legs straight when they walk - basically they walk and stand with bones, not muscles. Move your leg forward, *then bend the knee*, moving the leg backwards under the knee, and as you put it down, you naturally fall on front part of your foot. This is a very pleasurable way to walk and looks a little bit like a parade, or style, but not much. You strenghten several parts.
 - If you bend the knee *before*, on the ground, and then put down the other leg: it's a simpler alteration, and you should train it for a while.
- You can walk, moving the foot into downwards angle each time before you put them down, as you step: it's a good exercise. Jump of your feet, with legs straight, and also try to move the part you put down first further, and involve the toes.
- Move your legs further apart, use bigger or smaller steps, step on the outer or inner sides and try other positions: a Viking position could be lower part of legs back and apart, while a Cossack position would be having them inside, and some chinese or japanese would have them heavily inside (especially something like a Samurai) - this could be natural for people with horses. Vikings, keeping their legs this way, can move their body back, especially the upper part, and they have shoulder bones like Orchs - this is a carrier or worker position of an Orch, who generally work very freely without any intent to bring any good (thus they can work in prison, very well - it's a possibility to move).
- Change the positions and angles of your ass, and your body: you find many untrained walking positions, which gives you freedom of postures and thus many activities you can do when walking (or standing, perhaps). Postures change your general body abilities in complexes: your walk can achieve different powers, such as easy-pass-by, fast-turning, or general stimulation of body; for example you can remove some kinds of tooth pain through rhytmic walking you feel with your whole body, to the up.
