# Materiality of Matter

In discourse of Material and Spritual, we can easily define Spiritual Essence as "breaking the principles of Matter" - this leads to false thoughts about breakthroughs in Physical, Material sciences in terms of it's paradigm shifting totally. While this is a natural cycle, the paradigms are breaking, while the Spirituality is a good candidate - this is not the essence nor the meaning of Spirituality; moreover, it can never be it's measure. To gain Siddhis does not mean to become a Buddhist, and being Christian is not measured in miracles - moreover, Siddhis and Miracles do not break the material rules in such a destructive way, to give us the "big accomplishment" of overcoming our Science.

While new discoveries are important, overcoming the old Sciences is not a matter of fact - Quantum Physics can be a good new paradigm, but we naturally still use Newtonian physics to explain it's simpler movements; Newtonian physics has very good coverage of things, which could be sensed without a machine. This so much that we do not realize living in quantum world and having quantum bodies: rather, to believe in "Quantum Miracles" is under heavy critics and skepticism.

Was the Evolutionary force, which developed our bodies, also limited by it's understanding to Newtonian laws? Can you describe a model, where Newtonian laws are a "trivial choice" for natural selection and it's base entropy or diversity of mutational combinatorics? When it fails to comply with some natural quantum process, our body - would it evolve then?

From such physics we ask: are our processes, by quantum effects, being made from Atoms, which already try to estimate future forces, or Nucleus, which would be made of matter, which forms physical superpositions to solve combinatorics into high-energy states; does our body direct it's movements by aligning best combinations of future in such way that the quantum superposition would see our better future as energy, and resolve into such state? We can say that to argue *against*, the physical limits and constraints must be seen as Newtonian - they are the "zero-point" of physics, where we fall without having facts on neither direction; unless we are philosophical, this "zero-point" is either newtonian science, or quantum physics - how strong is the force to make us up from quantum pulsations instead, if the *a priori* physics of our senses has been either Newtonian life of solid structures, or multiplicity of ways how to sense and intent about the reality.

About healing with hands: can you keep your hands from touching painful areas of your body, even with very weak pressure? What is the movement of energy and information and does it help the healing process? Which associations and reactions are made in your body, if the hand is not touching it, and do you feel an instinctive pressure for such positions? Very often, despite us not believing in magic, we are still moving as if it was a magic ritual, and conducting similar surveys and metaphors.
- To understand the power of magic, you can conduct times, where you *do not* rely on things, which are weak if magic does not exist - for example, you only put your hands to sick part of your body if you have scientific basis to think that you are doing a healing operation. You avoid to put your finger into third-eye point and you avoid many other events, where you seem as if you had acupuncture points on your body. To purify from such instincts is to be open and honest about your actual atheist karma - to make some holistic sense of an atheist lifestyle, which would also meet the words.

Within the scope of shamanic healing, we see plants and other physical attributes, as well as an exercise. While this all was called "magical" or a "shamanism": the power of Mind is not measured by it's non-materialization, but rather by it's materialization; a Shaman, for this purpose, is heavily using their body.

Within the scope of Alchemy and Magic: we saw people being amazed when they discovered them doing "normal engineering" and using material forces. The two sciences - first one was to find out laws of the "waveform", or chemistry, and the second was to find out the "particle form", or physics. "Waveform", here, is metaphor for substances; "particle form" a metaphor for bodies. This physical confirmation is a positive attribution of Alchemy and Magic.

We see a shaman, magician, is Dreaming about Matter: notice that Matter is this material principle, where the gold and physical health are, and suspressing the material principle itself, in it's natural laws of causation, will suspress the mental principle: we are naturally, physically active to do this mental principle.

What is Mind above the Matter?

We see in this topic that our mental imagery is reshaping the matter. Our Vision transcends to material transmutation - while the material world follows simple laws, the mental imagery gives meanings to those, and resolves it over a long term.

While Physics can see a binary form, the energy is a movement and all the laws are present in their instant moment: Alchemy rather teaches us about the deeper reason and "goal", the principle that under forces of logic and evolution, trial and error, the structures of matter will Raise. This is the "Mind" principle: Mind is an acceleration of Matter. We humans are made of Matter and should deeply feel it's principles as if it's our Ancestor: moreover, we are acceleration of those Natural Laws.

Now, feel how Human overcomes the Matter with Mind: we move matter in ways it cannot move itself. Now see that it's kind of closed into the material process itself - we have a material aspect, where this can be measured by material principles. So we overcome matters with our ideas and towards ideals - this is the Miracle of Transmutation, because the material form is so much more efficient, based on intent and goal rather than random chance and natural selection with some basic rudimentary will - forces, which lead to relaxation of their own tensions (for example, gravity brings bodies together, then gets relaxed - so it has kind of "achievement", therefore "goal"; materially, non-philosophically, we are not much interested, whether it's sensing or estimating the future - we are interested in preciseness and fault in this). We see these material processes have Dukkha: they do not reach complete satisfaction or complete flow of ideal circulation. Here we find the laws of incompleteness and the birth of intellect and creativity: those organize a structural change, *transmutation* of matter, which we are doing by different means.

Notice that the principle of *transmutation* is not proven by our ability to transform matter - our Mind is a force approaching ideal, neutral imagery or plane of magical symbols, which are over the material laws in sense that we generalize: they often hold in any kind of space, which is real, possible or impossible; for example logical tautologies would hold in completely different Universes. This mental world appears, but it's being instant, foreseeing the future, and acting in great force is not basis of it's existence - se discussing about those things is not really a discussion about Mind or it's Transmutative abilities; to build a bridge, cook or build a planetary ecosystem are all capabilities of Mind to act on Matter. We *are* interested in such specialities of different aspects - some aspects have definitely generalized into such ultimate strength, for example watching a Football Game (of synchronization of bodies with some future awareness and distance - the *Goal* is often *Preceding* the invariable and immediate material situation). Transmutation, here, is not proven by it's speed or easyness, but it's proven by existence of favourable and unfavourable conditions of matter, and some basic properties of Mind and Matter to evolve these *by means they do have* - *transmutation* is proven by our abilities to have effects upon our material conditions and material reality, which, by measures of our Mind, compatible to actual material measures, which provide us tensions and releases on very basic level of *ourselves*, our body (which is relatively tension-less in keeping it's material shape and structure, thus is an example of equilibrum despite it's movements and circulations, which are also relatively free material flow - we do not need to apply heavy material forces upon ourselves for mere existence, very often).

Here we should see: our magical vision of Idea world, the Spiritual World; and Result world, the Material world, should appear out from rather trivialities, including the seek for transmutation and health, longevity or it's smooth merge into immortal ideas.

Finally: in conditions such as psychedelic trips, love, good faith or motivation, we see the "inside-reality" of perceiver very often getting new levels of pleasure and pain and evolving. The material laws or "limits" as seen before were the limits placed upon them by materiality - these material laws can be really overcome by training, learning and accomplishing; indeed, the material laws such as limited amounts of accessible energy, which is result of material laws, can be overcome; these laws are not the most essential or final. In this sense, we can find, not from physics, but from alchemy, ways for breaking natural laws - we break the equilibrum, which is appearing - or to accelerate it.

We can see this acceleration of material laws: in special conditions, such as psychedelic trip, things in field of our senses get more meanings and qualities, as well as things we are able to do can get more meanings and qualities. Given, for sure, that we started relaxed, properly vitaminized and generally knowing, what we do. Internally, we see a vision of overcoming the natural laws: laws and limitation, which were there and which we were reasoning as if those were the natural laws surrounding us, have been transcended. From outside view: while this person is having deep experience outside the scope of their past experience, and while this experience is definitely real or at least consistent and often providing things such as inspiration and new ideas - any measurement of those show that the material reality, the outside view, is really working as expected. We do not see, in shamanistic and magical rituals, any breakage of material laws: rather, the symbolic meanings are often transcended and the material could be used more efficiently.

For example feelings of responsibility often appear out of such trips or shamanic rituals, or other experiences of Mind. Necessarily, the feeling is of great acceleration and breakage of karmic bonds - it's another reality. This is a subjective, still correct condition, and occurs in scope of acceleration: in material scope or velocity, we do not see any measurable changes.

So, think better this: the "raise in material laws" is a karmic process, which *does* alter the patterns into more performant ones, thus the transmutation with it's alchemy is visibly going on, and we are able to measure it scientifically. While this enables us to overcome things, which seemed as laws in past - for example, it was thought to be physical law that we cannot accelerate object to get out from earth's atmosphere; rather than breaking a physical law, we learnt to gain bigger acceleration and more precise angles: in such case, the previous knowledge would have given the same answer, especially the underlying laws would be the same, partially measured laws back then.

Spirituality has been practiced for long and here are the practical matters:
- In our *very fresh and unique, very accelerating experience* we do not experience so much more than our ancestors: in regards to our material surroundings, large-scale breakthrough in material sense *does* involve as much work as in any other field; while things such as popularization, distribution of means and understandings - all this, indeed, is equal to distribution of electricity networks or supermarkets, each providing some large-scale shifts.
- So we are restricted by thermodynamics: while it's *infinite potential*, we do not say infinity does not have laws - rather than providing very simple solutions, mental discipline is hard to achieve. We got more or less an optimum about how much people work for it, and how much they need it. "Breaking" the laws is breaking the laws of physics, karma, or Christian share and work: it should happen, that those who evolve, will make others succeed in some impossible, ultimate degree without effort.
 - Rather, this holds true, and it's close to known "physical laws": each breakthrough, being a lot better than others or the ancestors, getting something much cheaper; it is not a native property of Spirituality - rather, which is, is that we enable any development at all. "Miracle", as it seems, would mean "getting something with no effort" - in reality, we can see we do not *break* the natural laws, which would mean corruption and chaos, even freezing into impossible condition, which is a nightmare; rather, we really do "transmute": we put our effort into *using it in more efficient manner*. For this purpose, we develop our bodies and minds, our intellect and creativity, to resolve each problem in more efficient way: if we, now, do not act in material reality, we have lost it.

So, our material effort goes to material reality; mental effort to mental reality - within mental realm, we can find more efficient material solution, and if "material laws" are seen as our restrictions in the way of efficiency, we really do optimize them; but to achieve this, in the material realm, we apply the material laws in more enlightened way. For example, to get better fruits, we do not stop planting plants, we do not start dreaming about plants alone, but we plant them better or at all.

So the idea world: it's a very important structure around material world, and it kind of precedes life - these "spiritual" rules start to hold in sense that the chaotic structure is accelerating it's combinatoric speed and growing into harmonic resonance. It's out of Time and Space: from all this oscillation, logic appear, which would hold even if the world is not such.

# The Material Measure Fallacy

Tarot reading, for example, could be our imagination of Magic Act.

In my experience, random chance does not have natural laws on it's own, but the causality of it is able to produce tunnel effects - for example, if you build a simulation of something, random process inside could be randomized to reflect a process, which is best estimated by random function; as the random function is straight, it will produce random results - in case of the cumulative results themselves break the laws, which created this randomizer, not single random values, but the process will change direction to satisfy, again, the rules of right distribution.

Randomness, for example, solves the case if you know the distribution, but do not know any basis for particular cases: randomization function itself, along as it's "general guide" would appear. For example, dimensionality 3R means non-directed dimension worth of three real numbers: to project this to space we sensibly use for calculations, which has three dimensions of dimensionality one R, this means it has three dimensions - we need to choose arbitrary direction or base our direction on some particular values; still, there are general rules to divide three-dimensional space into three separate dimensions.

Tarot reading have this problem of arbitrarity, and the classic example is:
- Sensitive is ought to create a psychic report about someone: be it about future, personality or problems.
- They ask questions.

By explanation of sensitive, they need those answers as they see a symbolic space.

We need to understand: senses of a sensitive, and possibilities, are merged to serve a client. This is the practical way. *A sensitive did not hide that they ask these questions*.

Problem is: a psychiater, talent fitter, police officer or personality tester asks questions as well.

We need to base each thing on practical basis - however people *sense their abilities and their reasons*, which could depend on how they are able to model the world, or their basis.

Now, making a magician (physics), alchemist (chemistry) or a shaman (natural object physics) negatively responsible to use only some kind of "hidden means": none of those were developed keeping in mind, that there is another law, and they must not comfort with this - "natural laws", rather, were common human abilities without training, in this sense.

To compare sensitive person and a sensitive in any particular act:
- They have right to spend the same on questions and any other tools.
- Their results are measured to verify abilities, in their particular task, by such person, and their explanations about their methods and background could be taken into consideration.

About methods:
- Having a special skill, such as better ability to discern truth from the lie, is helpful for a sensitive and might be decisive element in choosing a proper work.
- This special skill does not deny all the other means, but is to be used in combination.
- Sensitivity and being sensitive about is not such a huge difference: sensitive, while they have certain visualization about their sense work, might not differ from each person - another person, while the association of certain information is not reminding a direct sense so much, but rather an association or actual thinking; at the same time, it might process similar data.

The fallacy, which is actual here:
- It was assumed that this must be not normal source of information, such that none of them can be confirmed or guessed with high probability.
- This assumption is false, because how the Mind is processing information: either subconsciously or consciously. Both have advantages - subconscious or blind conscious process is sometimes able to be aware of more information, while conscious can be more scientific. They both can be developed, where the difference can be more ambivalent.

Rather than assuming the high success rate expectation *with no factual basis* we can see that the factual basis in different models is different, and it's rather the "mathematical synchronicity", which provides us different causation chains and laws accross different models, while the models can be used simultaneously.

For example, the use of willpower to achieve something, and mental power to resolve it, as Magician calls their process: while this seems to be mental and should not have material basis, why it's called mental and magical, of idea realm: is not that it's not using the material basis to create a machine, but rather that without mental basis and willpower, the material basis could be useless. For example, a peasant is able to use material basis to build a computer - despite an engineer is using material basis as well, the emergent property, which makes them able to do this is rather mental and intellectual, than distinction in this materialness. Very often we see each person is able to move their legs and hands, and they need it in each activity, or almost all - but still, they are enabled or disabled to do certain works rather by their mental capabilities.
- A magician, definitely, is watching about their successes in this mental world - the body, naturally, obeys the mind and one cannot be sure that they cannot change their mind in such way that body starts to move differently. On material level, even it might not be trivial, why one cooking is going to succeed and another not: cooking is not magic, but such incidence rather turns it into one.

We see the "Mind over Matter" principle - when it's true that we sometimes have such experiences, it's even more true, and good solid basement for argumentation, that Mind is a catalyst, and as such, using the Mind rather than sole Instinct was the capability, which, in first place, created much of awe.

In this, we must see that the mental model with it's symbols and metaphors is absolutely important to understand, and to see how it directly operates: while it indirectly operates, but to speak about it in it's own terms, we already achieve a language indistinguishable from that of Magician:
- This is the second matter, how such process is accelerated or becomes more instant; it's also not straightforward, but it provides both relative measures and actual occasions. For example, a "magic or miracle of one unexpectedly getting a right gift, coming from pure intent in the pure heart" - the "magic" appears from lack of direct causation - one did not work for this very clearly, nor ask, and perhaps even did not know about the thing before, such as getting a new advice. We do not see such trivial material basis, but the thing still happens - magicians, typically, say "it's important to see magic in small things".

Who is absolute Master of Magic: indeed they surprise us with minimalism of physical requirements for an achievement, or how it merges in such a way that while physical input is still quite straightforward and in about the same scope of effort, so there is no *added physical effort*, there are *added results*. This, indeed: can be building a machine. More often than not, if the art in the book is called *Magic*, they do *build* something and require both certain input from nature, books, buildings and certain efforts; example is the Egiptian Fire - built by priests, this fire was very capable to destroy ships; how it "overcome the natural law" was that people *could not* get such fire trivially.

While in science, the skills became more publicly available and easier to learn - this does not disable the knowledge of capability of magical theory; talking about ideas and realities like Platon: this was a way for real-world sufficiency.
