# Good and Bad

## Genesis of Good and Bad

In Old Testament of the Holy Bible, Transmitted to Holy God, we can learn the motive of our Good and Bad against the God - the Higher Purpose in All of Us, Morales we learn in approaching limits of the Infinite.

Infinite approaches us in D dimensions, f frequential harmonics, which means:
- Around the society, our relationships are spatial, not temporal. We have ongoing relationships, and how they bless their past souls and appear in their real future, turning them towards pessimistic illusion in case they do not further in time spiral - the do not see pains of their Higher Self, contradictionary Truth they get from resolving their own Truth. By living intuition, the see *a priori* force of their Truth: in Meditation they say "now I have these evolving experiences, series of similar responses of unconscious Wisdom, let's bring them to Higher Consciousness: now I pay attention of Deeper Sources, Core Logic of this Experience, and it's Meaning, the Final Outcome in how it Transcends my Life". You intentionally create this experience not because you believe it, but you have Faith in this concept - to get Deeper and Higher. High, here, is not some cannabis joint: it's a real glimpse into your future, where material connection brings the Soul Family to Now.

Negative experience for Zen contemplation: this was my Soul Family, but once they knew it from me, they changed on their future tracks - I changed in connections and the Soul Family of me was this Eternal connection to Ideal I expressed, stating someone, someday, would answer to the Call of my Soul this way, and only that way, in paradox we only know: that as we Resonate, we are the Same; with Entanglement Acceleration, Love in the Unity. I had to contemplate Zen: this deeper Truth now floats away of this particular material body, collections of those members of my future lives - as the causality of the eternity changed the eternity itself, and in passatge of real time we passed this moment by moment, now the template of this eternity is another.

Man is like God: in Yang element, ideally 2/3 of Him, he Sticks with the Idea.

Woman is like Holy Spirit, the Shamanist God in Matter: in Yin element, ideally 2/3 of Her, he sticks with the Matter.

The meeting of each level of their being creates their shared identity: they are lower and higher frequencies of an aspect or combination of the same number.

Between Infinity and Minus Infinity, there are areas of non-determination: in between, areas of particular numbers in finite terms of countability that we can reach over-horizon speed or position relations inside particular dimensional densities, is against Hilbert. That God is not, as a Final Perfection, part of Larger Network is against Godel's Uncertanty as a Fractal Theorem - each Final Proof or Theory, or Model, is but unfolding of a large web of higher theorems.

Let's imagine differentiation - we convert speed to inertia. This happens in space curvature: our number is in no way linear, and the acceleration factor at each point can change.

We go upwards with differentiation, and we notice the floating point continuous curve, which is not just discrete level; our number of imaginary number system can be curved - at each point, we reach a level, where differentiation is final; no acceleration would be solved going upwards. We call this a value for "E", where we say "E = infinity quantity". Quantity is amount, and quality is beyond amount - it comes with each and any amount. "U" is the absolute zero of the movement, and "I" is the final power of U - negative infinity of granuality, compared to vector operations, I means the Zeroness is brought to Power. Each digit is position in Time, but higher-order digits become statistical, whereas lower-order digits arrange in time, producing gains digit-by-digit. Still the digit's value span is equal for each Octave (infinity multiplication).

Two linear numbers can be compared in terms of infinities and unities - for example 3 and 7 are very easy to compare, and it's like one is about half of another - the easiest measurement. They have some local resonance. Once they are multiplied, 3 * 7 is not like this - in terms of how many point values we have, D appears and we have the case where this discrete value system would convert into continuous values, such as planes against lines, where in number of points, order or magnitude of values involves D - it's now a multi-D, higher-dimensional-space value, which by Hilbert cannot be projected fully into lower spaces; it's very hard to project them to combinations. Yet, in square root space, we can find one aligned frequency - digit by digit, the averages.

Laegna number is two-dimensional: from up to down, unless in normalized projection, zooming in and out would change values of higher lines compared to the ones on lower lines, exponentially more times than the same relation left to right. I put the higher value in place of the lower zero, and where it approaches zero, the infinity has some countable dimension - it's converted to parallel digits, but the whole string of highest line in scope of IE, from minus to plus infinity, infinity number of digits converts to one digital number in this higher space. Lowest number inside two infinities of positive and negative numbers is either X against Y before - it's counted digit by digit; or it's Z: it does the same frequential extreme in reverse, so that infinity of digits is needed to reach one *treshold* number. *Treshold* means the numbers exist in the Stock Trade Space of Holistic Oracle Numbers, which somehow emulate, simulate or access the idea that they have the future potential. Those potentials exist in statistical field to be probed, and in anything which resembles an oracle, being precise. For example, Quantum Supersets might be causal, but they resemble oracles in terms of *considering* the future. Their whole mechanics is still sensible if we want to build the most oracle-resembling apparatus.

This is the frequential system of humans:
- Imagine each digit from left to right is identity of a human, and from frame to frame, back to front, in a movie of number fluctuation, continuous identities form in virtual material space, uniting the through-fluctuating matter into preserving one unit at space coordinate cloud of elements. Cloud of humans exists, apart in space much like elements in our body, or it's holistic workers - red and white blood cells, best logistics and medical support systems in our body by medicine facts. From bottom to top: seven chakras or numbers would be a central Octave, where fractal pattern systems are built into the picture, and from so much math some physics appears - they appear like evolving bodies, which have to stretch, exercise and act towards their changing conditions.

History is re-measured, which reprojects it into a movie of reality; R jumps happen at ends of infinities: as whole infinity of trials is solved, an estimated amount of their trials and errors are solved and they appear as essential patterns. Such pattern, further on, moves to inductive - as it knows it's failure and it's detection pattern, it now merits to the good lineage of events, which are calculated by probabilstic good estimation; it follows creativity and intelligence, rather than trial and error.

People see Good and Bad in this:
- As they are measured in good and bad terms, they seek good and fight with bad terms.
- In action, the attack what is against, and protect from that in favour of them, but karmically they cannot have any true meet and preserve karma and it's interest; with enemy we do not follow the lose-lose pattern.

Enemies occur as higher causes and dangers of balanced kinds occur in people, or in material forces, God and other karmic sources such as interaction with the fundamental logic, yet blind to life but not to it's logic necessity of growth, creativity, evolution - in solution to it's combinatorics, 4-valued logic of mine can be sensitive to it's evolution and limitation, and uncertanty factors of infinity are easily resolved by uncertanty factors appearing in Logecs, my logic, Itself.

For example we get tired of helping certain people, as each time we lose some energy - still we can win by creating stronger energy sources there. That might close the relation and bring good success after their "death" in our lives, disappearance in our personal landscapes; still they exist in the written word. We just lose motivation if we are in the crisis of survival - wasted energy, we do not reach it back, and one aspect of our dependent system is dead.

Good and bad appears here, where people see giving and receiving. Our random-change-compatible, preserving gains, compensating good risks to growth degrees, accumulating losses (in my position language, accumulating is to grow richer - this means to grow richer from the loss, in opposite speak to disminish the losses or neutrally to compensate them).

We should see the interaction, which in such fluctuation grows from seed: active people are neutral, thus they do. We settle upwards in our energy systems and batteries - being neutral and still, we still move and do as it's the New Nothing: compared to weaker us, we tolerate more and we compare as being doing, where we compared as being non-doing or un-doing. As we grow, even our loss-win strategies start to compare past win-win strategies, and our losses to each others are more imaginary, numbers on our bank accounts. We enrichen the good deeds in the field which is destroying us, more even the good deeds in us.

I saw in tester guide: programmers do not like to be noticed about lacks in the qualities of their software. I accept the real precedence, if the qualities are attacked by resource need reasoning - but it was emphazised that people do not like personal attacks.

By that you are weaker, is Bad: it's negative fact and "no" in your binary system. In mine, Negation is a favourable force - a Negative Energy. Because why women are bad? Because Negative is Bad: but Negation is not, it's simply an operationlike structure.

That you reward yourself as being weaker comes from success: once you have success, you must turn many of your strengths into weaknesses, to bring the same absolute opportunity in higher-density realm, a Heaven.

On Earth, you are Good and Bad, and by this balance your Cristalline Structure creates either relative Earth or Heaven, as new Horizons of Infinities now project. Your R is in Change: you are moved to new family, new realm, in higher capability to different worlds you like to adapt to; in more local frequency you act more like official, position in one representive house.

Christian Position: you see in each direction, where your Unity, one Life and structure of Integrated Lives, each direction of Infinity converges into One. The next one, Two, is closest resembling an approach to current infinity here within these polarity-good dimensional approaches. You see single Heaven and Hell, single Now and Future. It's a projection into your culmination.

Buddhist Position: the same idea follows in fractal, and you are centric in your own number position. Reach to Heaven and Hell compared to your Now, mixed of relatively Fatal or Locally Influencing events and causes depending on your choices and somewhat balancing the random.

Random is balanced by Sincerity, Authenticity of seeing bad even in you, Purity in you: the strength must be karmically expanding, you grow in each direction, even your positive karma to hells, while you carefull balance each bad karma, still yields to growing result as you concentrate on less disturbing the good in them, more disturbing and criticizing the bad.

We often cannot critizise the bad in our enemy at all: we do not have common, shared negative power, thus we yield to negotive. This happens if Negative Direction or Reason are missed, and the results become parts of the base reasoning - we do not flux, we are in the ego.

As a Programmer, indeed I exercise Zen and Tao: I like to keep the work somewhat inertial, as in iterations, so that some results or impartial results always appear; I still like to keep open to plans, and into the dukkha and theorem of incompleteness or imperfection - not because it's psychological quality, from the realms of illusions, but by it's really a theorem and holds into infinite networks.

Machine-like, potential or statistical potentials only create kinds of exceptions, by special cases or singular cases, and only large fields of them with their relations, interrelations, even xor and nor. In reality a single case is seen in response of a machine - just an electron, simple machine, quickly converges most of it's local, vague responses into repeated experience; machines we can build converge longer. Many instances statistically converge: networks of responses truly change the reality state.

As we are commonly in good production, many of our "fatal" sins become tolerable: we produce more, and we give more to those who produce less; not by change, but by keeping the same qualities and proportions, while gaining a little income ourselves as well from this common good. By how it will be used, and by how it became to be; where it's kind is the source of another, or another is the source of it's kind - karmic positions in infinity accumulate to gain the good, but they reach synchronicity and do not produce bad outcome to other; scientist with bad karma indeed does not measure any meditation - to repeat this experiment, and get personally to know, is not a matter of reputation but the internal karma; the visions for people with similar karma create your heavens and hells.

Our Spaces, Fifth Elements, much like our Matters, the Four Elements grow together and apart: in this life, we create patterns of different spaces, lokas, quantum realms, and we do not know in which dimension these are - Space element of us, perhaps, can just float us in Space. Where the Spaces, also the Temples of our Bodies, and the Spirits in our Minds, also support and disturb each others - finally, under measurements of various accelerative spaces or frequencies, differential levels of their value aspects or frequencies where even the logical relations form such patterns of understanding and in time, and parallel dimension to deep details of frequencies - for example, harmonics as for example 1/2 relational pattern of presence of fact in logic can frequentially make two logical systems become coherent, where in more complex pattern the harmony is up to success - two big prime numbers do not meet often and it's a chance that the logic is ready at this point in the fractal of multidimensional theory time with wormholes, where one transcend dimension repeats.

After death, we are free in regards to this dimension and not our mental locality or multinature-multidimension being with well-earned dimensions to be born into. We create karmic connections to these dimensions as they appear in random combinations, until they vibrate the benefit to meet us - once we disilluminate this vibration into a past illusion, the time and space in eternity turn, because the same past needs to be resolved again - it's consequence will turn, and start to pay back, and do interest; but this is general growth as even loss-win scenario in more objective projection system can still seem as win scenario to both. A much more stupid man going to attack you - as you resolve the long term losses, finally even the physical, here-and-now distribution can generate gains even in the small matrix they see, and you fit their conclusion as well; they still want to recycle more negative experiences to cooperate with you - can you turn this to gain and have advantageous feeling of higher vibrations with you, transcending the potentials of higher vibrations? This means less contacts with those who produce some deeper value. You also resemble this lower frequency to some - this dimension is actually where your karma with lower dimensions comes to count, because even if the low dimension is really evil - you have very comparative feedback alteration from what is above you; even if some negative aspects in you are to negative infinity, compared to those in lower forms - in your dimension it's a whole complex of negative philosophy, which can be ruined in every aspect. This could occur more fiercely as a karmic effect in virtual dimensions: dimensions about what happens with things you won't do. The case is, you are measured and measure yourself in incertanties, even in what this thing is even all about - much higher creature still has the feeling of such negations, lacks of energies where their zero is a fast movement of yours, measured under the same principles.

As you move your fundamental theorems, these infinities can answer with sharp turns.

Notice this: in infinity space, simpler oscillations on lower-acceleration frequencies can create small dimensions in expanding, accelerated higher frequencies. Higher frequencies contain many more numbers - you can imagine them as ZY axes where multiplication and division occurs in two-dimensional aspect, which forms two halves, a seeming paradox of three halves of XYZ, because X is the opposition - and it's linear, one-dimensional, and in this one dimension plus and minus are equal to multiplication and division in the higher, two-dimensional operational space. Matrix is a mathematical body, which fits to resolve this - it maps into square and linear dimension combination with operation in both. Z contains the virtual element of the past, or a sub-treshold element, which is visible outside the blind test only in the future, where it moves in direction of what it is (default function of number, where it just goes on without any input, but with operations on it's function - like tan⁻¹(), 140⁻¹() in my math would give negotion of that: the number just continues it's presence backwards in time, but a Deep Root dimension appears outside where the calculation has still somehow progressed further - you cannot easily get rid of this effect, always some time axe is coming back somehow, even in constructive logic of your framework, where you combined some past-future relationships or characteristics of yours; even this is an oracle - an oracle-valued object for you).

Good and bad appears:
- You are somehow balancing good and bad.
- You intensely try to project something into good and bad, which appears in your information field; in these information dimensions, you yourself move towards virtual projections as you see good and bad in this, how you are thought about - you lose authenticity and gain the ègo, where your own e is posetive, resolved downwards into ignorant state.

Rather, an ever-raising flow of events are there, where gainst progress and are not relatively signs of the threats you made, to be shown as the work you made. You are not also part of their society and constitution: if they are vibrating higher laws and this is producing collective karma, it's not in terms of good and bad, but in this whole process and it's authentic vision: your constitution, instead, can sometimes be vaguely saved by theirs, so that you learn the goods of some other cultures, the other cultures asmuchas in your life.

Sincerity, and I use three-letter "Sir" from estonian "Siiras", because three letters are quite simple and already here like a word.

Machines, probabilities, and metaphysical passatge of time, or what happens in higher dimensions in linear, but reflects into lower as oscillations - the energy, "through crown chakra", registers itself as resonance between frequencies.

As people are digits left to right, frequencies are in them from down to up, and upwards the number is like one digit, a general value, still projecting into resonance with positional encoding of the digits - they know their own Y. In the Middle, X, each digit is their current moment and in upper octave of it, discrete, it's the self - downwards, self as a simple point. Point values create frequent patterns, spirits which resolve their unique properties; infinity point is where it reaches digits for the outer limits.

For example, in good and bad - a good project was closed because it left shadow to those who did not do it; by binary logic, they felt a priori authority - a reason, which protected itself.
