# Taxes

Classical system of taxes, based on Christianity and Democracy, as well as other theories, where tax system or collective cash is established, is based on the following:
- Risk-taking: by proper risk management, we can take proper risks.
- Specializing: there are yinfields, where one can cut the cash immediately, or directly related to money - this is business, physical work etc. There are yangfields, where one invests to larger groups, and only accumulates the long-term source of income or establishment. Tax system properly aligns this, being able to reach the outcomes and share into the incomes.

Low-frequency tax system:
- Does not involve risks upon long-term, lifetime or several lifetimes of struggle in the name of higher good; thus, one can not use spare energy to conviction, but a very visible, physical alchemy must transfer the matter into higher states. This is the materialist tax system.
- Conversion does not happen through free will, but through demand: very often, one cannot use their free will and independence to reach hidden goals, but the visible material goals are attained by low-class tax system, established by low-class government or low-class distribution of representatives of the government. Such people ask questions and they unbelieve that anybody knows the answers - so they "fix" your answers based on their shortsighted "features".

Low-class tax system, where higher class is achieved, counts the small frequencies. For example, imagine high-class tax system as two-frequenctial (matter, mind) window of fourier transformation of money flow, where each connection has either positive or negative reach - compare this to low-class, materialist tax system without spiritual goals, which would find a secure oasis in this kind of system, where the Nature has provided more (or God): to balance the earnings and create "sustainable platform", they could doubt the general distribution of taxes, and rebalance based on local windows to this fourier transformation: this is the distribution, for example, where on average one window does not overlap another window; the global transform makes each window comprehend the whole. In case you, with wrong connecticity, give the material meanings to your spiritually induced self-esteem, a materialist based on class-belonging, which might be unyielding in the small-window fractal (I), would corrupt your large-window fractal (E).

Notice if O is a person, who is not connecting to other person; and A is the person, who is connecting to other person: those are unity no and yes. I, then, is a fractal, where each member is isolated from other by their positive influence, or connected by negative one; and E is a fractal, where each member is connected by positive, or disconnected by negative influence.

People are directly gaining and giving, but also their whole complex (D) is gaining and giving. For example, let OA be person 2 gains from 1, who is losing; AO is that person 1 gains from 2, who is losing - from such theories or incidences, one creates a zero-sum game. Zero-sum is avoided if whe see the whole: it's capable to be more or less than the sum of it's parts. This occurs in accelerated space, where for example adding 1+1 in frequency 1 would give 2, but in frequency 1.5 one could get 3 instead, where not F but d=1.5. These shifts are represented by letters I and E: while these letters are included, one player is not winning over the other, who is losing, but by I, both are losing, and by E, both are winning. I also use the words "energy" (one wins), "exergy" (one loses) - whe zero-sum is balanced interaction of energy and exergy fields, which visibly occurs in local, material world. D factor, or the frequency in which you sum the variables or do other operations, means that higher dimensionality involves higher acceleration factor - for example, OEA, where central letter is the unified effect, might mean that while I give to you, and lose what I gave, a generic E factor is still raising the world by infinitesimal - effect, which is circulating back to us. Zero-sum game here is, where the world is winning and we are losing or vice versa: if three letters are identity-neutral in order, you can find a more perfect system of representation; in our case we do simple: one additional letter ex-X, where these three are Z (me), X (we) and Y (you), the ex-X or exceeta X (exceeta ex, with pronounced E as in Latin or Estonian: things like doer, arer or do, are, I included from english with rather latin- or estonian-based pronounce, with little bit spanish-like upwards-accent of laegna, do represent deeper or more cosmic principles; doer, then, vibrates through meanings of external doing, while the english-based sound if exists, has "-er" meaning the meaningful unit of one life, in words you do it enough on your axe, R, where R means either life, or that you count with others - which converges to long-term outcome; ERE is a meaningful, active and infinity-sensitive life, or English-based Leaf);

Now let's use three words for materialism and spiritualism, extending upwards (to extend downwards, we would use the words "materialist spirituality" to show that the spiritual only sees the spiritually local, which is global, and does not reach the infinite distance from spirituality - cannot see the locality far away):
- Materialism: living in material world, frequency bar 1.
- Spiritualism: living in spiritual world, frequency bar 2.
- Spiretualism: living in material and spiritual world: as one rises above the material to reach the spiritual, one also raises above the result, to reach back the material.

In Spiretualism, good and bad actions are not generalized, but carry a particular purpose in each case as in living in material world; groups or frequencies group together into money (comparison of values, vs. their specialized values) and this abstract "money" means, in some cases they are kind of generalized - for example, when a result needs efforts of many, they all are critical units (use f and minimum) to be combined, but for example, we give others the high-class advantage, if they are part of it.

Now, in spiretualism:
- Low-class taxes, which are based on local, zero-sum games and very generalized goodness, which is supposed to provide common effects: this flow, the whole circulation, creates one tax system. In this system, falling off of the material course must be against your free will, and activities, to gain the tax return based on probabilities - so that the life is not a lottery. This system fails for free-willed, personal intiatives for being hermit, monk, etc., which is fundamentally against the hermit principle to be free-willed, and go alone. Sancturaries, free places in forest, etc., are not properly coordinated to support self-resistance, in this system; only the "good", in other words very flat and general structures able to materially bring back their concrete ends, such as monetary support, are included: notice they are still not relying on general tax system.
- High-class taxes support those, who free-willingly go into lifestyles, which are earning back common goods. Where these people are respected, and tax-life effects produced, which means clear separation from the tax systems, where goodness (I call this specialized good Gaad, or Hae, instead of Good, or Hea - from English and Estonian) is not in such advantage to choose the "good people" (those in misunderstanding in particulars of large).

Most generically, as systems, where the high-class tax system can directly win from this high-level circulation between the material, spiritual, such as muscle and brain people in this larger sense; the low-class tax system is a separate fund not gaining the direct advantage from this, unless they are going to fail it - their need to see a *direct reason* is so strong, that the actual circulation is separate, and over the course of time they definitely waste each naïve high-class-like culture into a state, where high-class money is able to reflect their higher goods separately, and find a proper process about it's involvement in the material world.

How this low class tax system works?

For example, if Star Seeds from Andromeda and Pleyades would meet to discuss their things, telling things the other does not know - it's like convincing in their belief. For any particular goods they align, those are separated from the low-class tax system: a materialist applies that they can use misunderstanding of each other, to do a capitalist trick of misinformation; the case of reflecting the other based on oneself can be hardly noticed - rather, while for the materialist, we should generally attack any attempt to fall into discourse of "gaining advantage" of their grandparents style, where they readily start winning and losing; more calm, Zen attitude of the high-class spirituality, where neutral observation slowly reads us into the actual goods and losses, the slow alchemical process between two spiritually intelligent yield to the results. We see in low-class system, the "goodness" is assumed: because the materialist is spiritually stupid, and their group is not failing the corruptant hopes to gain advantage; based on goodness, they want to provide such fool's protection to the spiritually intelligent, and also assume some shared pockets where none have left - we do not, actually, have any such wise income and distribution with materialist, are we star seeds or any other spiritual field, that they could see any "logic" that we are redistributing in their advantage as they see us; notice that in times the monks were publicly supported, or in the most materialist church, one can expect some release for their soul plainly by meeting a monk with their symbols of such advantage - being in a group long fighting against material goods in hands of spiritual people, explaining it by their wishful, needy thinking and tendency to rob and steal - where, by these "normal traits", one cannot be completely failed. In case of this scientific work we have to see that to immediately gain the soul release or help from spiritual people, one needs to be spiritual - and not naïve to be fooled *a priory*, but our right for survival means that the person needs a base intelligence in fields, where they want to circulate their goods, and not fall into trap without any promise or giveaway.

For example, as you say you are indigo child, one might want a miracle help immediately. Miracle help is karmic support for the soul: in this world, such huge structures of common people with little spiritual goods do not exist, except for the spiritualists, who have lowered their bar a lot. The little circulation spiritual people have is worth some coffee, very rarely - and this is from people not fooled, to people not fooled. A materialist, who is fighting against provision, but still running their scientific threat, hoping a big gain once they are convinced - well, in reality, this was a big tax system not with long history of destruction of money circulation in spiritual realms; the tax office, which has fired people with spirituality, or the scientific circles and social circles, who cast them out: are not a target for more soulful and efficient circulation of goods, once they merely "believe them", or "meet them": we can say spiritual people can have good karmic influence, which indeed means larger-scale thinking and more long-term money, but this only in scope of high-class taxes, where each loser of that probability path survived with good self-esteem, so that the few who came back with some material and spiritual gain, cannot just grow their small, not so self-esteemed communities or in the world where everybody survives: they do not have this karmic consequence that now you got money; rather your anti-Zen belief that you *demand outcomes*, in the Zen world which should be slowly progressing and assuming their mundane tasks: in this context, all spiritual people, please learn to make coffee, clean your office, and generally depend on your own material outcomes.

For example, I have spiritual degree of programming:
- I work a lot on innovation, I meditate on the systems, with anxiety and enthusiasm, and I do more progress which is for long-terms goals.

On material landscape, the office cleaners or average designers and other workers, who I would gain from the low-tax world as "equals", no not accept such physical outcome: they do not understand that a hidden, active process is going on in the brain. They are not against such freedoms - they support breaks, creative meetings and hours, etc.; they are rather *poor*, and against *big freedoms*: personal investments to large goals are not supported. In the world, where our greatest benefit is from such endevours, we are in the high-class tax system, or we will destroy our internal representation of high, until the surviver-high-class tax system has created the goods and circulations, which are like social relations, secret signs, and very long ways to *separate their money to show it's their own* - such as a church.

For example, any income earned by my theory in it's development: I have been supported less than average poor, by any material person; the real support I gained is mental, from the spiritual brotherhoods and noticeably sisterhoods, which have been actively blocked from any attempt to be materially involved: by degrading the value of their material inputs. This is not a part of scientific endevour, with *good-reputation scientific circles*, but is an outcome, which keeps circulating the money of Christ, permit words of Einstein, Socrates, da Vinci: many others, who circulate money in such an artificial darkness. The practical meaning is that which is advantageous for a genius, but not understood by a poor mind: I got many lessons to remove that, but where I could, all that work is robbed and presented as someone's materialistic pursuit; except the part in secret societies of Mind, which could see underneath and feel those vibrations, and give me some concerts; from this I have gained any mental support or materials I have used as additional sources - by this, my materials, as much as there is quality, are based on such works; I did not have input from common-person life, which is all material: they did not invite me, so I did not bother to steal information and quality-calculate such lifestyles. The materialist circles have called my endevour as something "they would like to do themselves", and it's just forgetting: this tax system is not the balancing equalizer between me and them, and so the karmic circulation in the goods and services those people valuate, to involve me in their world and responsibilities: I am not going to live from old fat, doing short-sighted material outputs, for the "behalf" of this fool - this is a separate tax system and the risk-advantage they get is small yielding in material scale, such as a few thousand euros, and the circulation of bless from spiritual, goods from material: those people are not meditating enough to know who to trust; the governments of material world would fail miserably, if they want to elect trustworthy spiritual people to their spiritual positions. Any hopeful attitude of them is illegal: their tries to enter with "good faith" means they would want to get this back, the investment similar to old times: people brought rice and food, and very good hearted feelings, to those who meditated in mountains; knowing very well what they are doing - suspression of those people now does not grant such "good expectations", rather how we use our balanced mind to help those in need - each of us can understand it in their own way.

# Example Story

Imagine, a woman and a man meet, and become very creative by their spiritual and material fit. Good outcomes become to be reflected in their eyes.

In their circles, the materialist "witches" see these eyes and want each good: they have been supporting them in their lower endevours and now want to gain the investment. They see the relationship is this good:
- They try to end this relationship, because the woman and man has not deserved so good relationships as theirs.
- They bring girls to man, boys to woman, who each want such destiny: to live in such proposal for a while and understand their worth in win.

The relationship breaks, and the eyes show falling, loss and disappointment. Now, the unexpected "tax-payers" who arrived to their dream, find themselves in a nightmare: their big plans did not fit. They accuse the man, in disappointing the woman, and the woman in disappointing the man. They try to fix this, such as giving them hope to meet.

In the morale - if you see a person who can do spiritual fly, but does not have personal certanty on the worth, but just the value (i.e. the treasures of soul and the treasures of the money); you cannot fly with them: the kind of responsible betrayal is failing your whole plan, not just this incident with this specific person. Faith or karma is not falling apart once you win, but you learn from the victory.

A video to relax now:
- **HEALING MY SOUL 🦌 healing music 🐂 shamanic music 🦅 shamanic drumming**

# The Solution

Once you give up, you have given up. You are a secretary of a big office, that's it.

Real Solution:
- You remain balanced, and gaining for each side, unless you are kicked out and not accepted.
- The circulation of goods, mental or material - as the circles appear and yield, they will balance towards their actual worth and the worth gains force; for example, it's hard to motivate yourself to give excess or to give less; your motivation becomes stable.
- As things fail, consider that they were not so convincing to be failures: while you do not get good karma of goods, you get good karma of karma itself. While the karmic effects are bad, the process of karma gains force to balance itself: what is right, becomes known.

Capitalist philosophy partially covers this, but you have to reach the original essence of those ideas: the "capitalism" is not a pure execution of each wise idea, but should be a framework, where we can do that.

What is the purpose?
- The devil, the loser: they *do believe* such strong force; you can say you have communitative basis.
- You materialize the process of gains and losses, allowing an *alchemy*: rather than *judging*, in which case you cannot be so sure to have this clear intuition.
- You do not create closed, elitary clubs like Tibet: while those might be higher, they do not cope in reality in it's complexity.
- The mental force for you to go away does not appear from mere Zen meditation and protective approach. This appears from the solid life experience able to convince yourself and others - this means, while you gain and lose, do *not* merely want to become winner in one or another way, but participiate in life in it's good and bad.

Notice that in this process, nothing appears to be completely good or completely bad: rather, each friend is failing you a lesson, and each enemy giving you a lesson; without taking the lessons, your interaction with them is pre-lesson state: maybe you don't even know who they are.

The Government Yang, People Yin *material tax system* fails the laws of Kybalion and does not deserve, then, so many spiritual blessings - laws of growth and pendulum of Good and Bad; in Time and Space they wobble and grow - in Space, from people to people in networks, the first connections are very weak and with complex webs of connections, more and more over the same tracks and similar patterns, the effects are repeated and Time, then, appears, with several temporal chakras from the current reaction to it's consideration where each network of relationships exists covering the same space, doing more circles - in regards to those effects, the future appears. While the now is yielding up and down, from present to the future it's growing up - here, in the Alchemical Symbols, the Tax System appears for spiritual people:
- Allow others to help you.
- Help others.

On each plane according to each plane, and letting the energy flow through planes: the spiritual growth is flowing and connecting in the paths, where common treasures appear to support each spiritual person; while the governance taxes are in ignorance, supporting not you, you still need the tax flow - money, which resonates, should also set the higher, common goods, and spiritual money must cover the roots - spiritual people, in their highest faith, must do material work.

Grow your mind: each cause and effect starts a separate resolution, and while the material effects appear on material space, the menal in your mind, symbols and reflections. You have to count the mental money, where the eternal moments are good.

If what has value to you, has been measured as Zero by the trade unions you belong to, and you splitting your time half and half - as inferior; each thing you earn is not worth enough to give it to you.
